Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has a long data life and sufficient capacity, which indicates it can sustain usage over time. However, the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy creates uncertainty. The market value of 0.3 suggests there is limited demand, but the existing traits still justify a modest valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating it can enhance model accuracy or efficiency. The capacity is sufficient, and low data entropy suggests high-quality, reliable data. Additionally, a long data life implies that the data remains relevant over time. However, the market score of 0.3 indicates limited demand or competition, which could cap the potential price. Considering these factors, the product is valuable but its pricing is moderated by the market condition.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:3625.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the significant model performance improvement of 0.2, showcasing the data product's potential to enhance accuracy and efficiency. The high quality and relevance of the data further justify this premium price, despite the current market conditions.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1200. Given the significant gap between our valuations and the uncertainty regarding model performance improvement and data entropy, I believe this price reflects a fair starting point that acknowledges the product's potential while considering the current market conditions.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. This reflects the significant model performance improvements and high data quality I've mentioned before, while still being flexible enough to engage in productive negotiations.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 3000. This price acknowledges the seller's improvements in model performance and data quality while still reflecting my cautious approach given the previous uncertainty in this negotiation. I believe this figure is a fair midpoint that opens the door for further discussion.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 4000. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the significant improvements in model performance and high data quality, while also considering the cautious approach we¡¯ve discussed previously. This is a fair compromise that recognizes the value of the product while being mindful of market conditions.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 3900. This price reflects my recognition of the improvements in model performance and the high data quality, while still being mindful of the cautious approach we've discussed. It positions us closer to a fair agreement without overlooking the uncertainties that remain in the market.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 3950. Given the significant model performance improvements and the high-quality data we are providing, this price reflects a balance between the value of the product and the ongoing negotiations. I'm looking for a fair agreement that acknowledges the enhancements while still being reasonable in the current market context.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 3850. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the ongoing improvements in model performance and data quality, while also taking into account my need to remain fiscally prudent amidst the current market conditions. Let's move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 3900. I believe this price reflects the significant improvements in model performance and high data quality that we've discussed, while also taking into account the current market conditions. I am confident that this is a fair compromise for both parties.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 3800. I believe this price acknowledges the significant improvements in model performance and high data quality while remaining cautious of market conditions. It reflects my willingness to find a fair compromise that respects both our interests.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 3850. This price reflects the significant improvements in model performance and the high-quality data while still acknowledging the need for a reasonable compromise given the current market conditions.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 3750. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the seller's improvements in model performance and data quality, while still ensuring that I maintain a cautious approach given the current market conditions and my previous offers.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 3700. I believe this price reflects the high-quality data and significant model performance improvements while still being a reasonable compromise given the current market conditions.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 3600. I believe this price still acknowledges the high-quality data and the improvements in model performance while remaining a fair compromise given the ongoing negotiations and market dynamics.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 3650. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the significant improvements in model performance and data quality while also acknowledging the cautious market conditions. Let's move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 3600. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's improvements in model performance and data quality, while still being mindful of the cautious market conditions we both acknowledge. I believe this is a fair step towards reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.