Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': "The product has a long data life and low data entropy, which indicates that the data is stable and reliable over time. However, the absence of Model Performance Improvement (MPI) and history limits its value. The market size is moderate at 0.5, suggesting a modest demand. Considering these factors, the expected price reflects a balance between the product's strengths and the limitations due to the NULL traits.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '25000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement over existing models, which can be valuable. The capacity is described as "enough," suggesting scalability, while low data entropy implies the data is of high quality and reliability. A long data life further indicates that the product can be used effectively over time. However, the market potential is only 0.5, which may limit the overall demand. The lack of historical data is a concern, but the combination of traits suggests a reasonable market value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:4625.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 30000. This price reflects the significant value of the data product, especially considering its moderate Model Performance Improvement and high quality indicated by low data entropy. The capacity for scalability and long data life further enhance its market potential, making this a compelling investment for any buyer.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. Given the limitations of the product, such as the absence of Model Performance Improvement and its moderate market size, this offer reflects a more realistic valuation based on its strengths and weaknesses.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. This price reflects a fair balance between the potential value of the data product and its current limitations, allowing for a realistic negotiation while still maintaining a profitable margin.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price acknowledges the potential value of the data product while also considering the limitations it presents. It's a strategic move to ensure we both benefit from this negotiation.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 4950. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise given the previous discussions, balancing the product's value and limitations while moving closer to your last offer. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price is reasonable, reflecting the value of the product while still acknowledging its limitations. Let's continue to make progress towards a fair agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 4900. This reflects a fair compromise, considering the recent offers and the balance between the product's value and its limitations.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 4700. I believe this price reflects a reasonable step towards a fair agreement, taking into account the seller's last offer while still considering the product's limitations.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 4800. This price reflects a realistic valuation of the product's limitations while still considering the buyer's interest in reaching a fair agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4700. This price is a reasonable step towards an agreement, reflecting my continued interest in the product while recognizing the seller's valuation. I believe it strikes a fair balance between both parties' expectations.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 4750. I believe this price reflects a more realistic valuation of the product while still accommodating the buyer's perspective. Let's move closer to a mutual agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4700. I believe this price still reflects a reasonable valuation of the product while moving us closer to a mutual agreement. It acknowledges the seller's perspective and aims to bridge the gap between our previous offers.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4700. I believe this price is a fair compromise that recognizes the product's limitations while still valuing its potential. It reflects a reasonable step towards closing the deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4600. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the product's limitations and the potential value it holds. It is a logical step towards finalizing this deal while still showing my willingness to negotiate.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4650. I believe this price reflects a realistic compromise, acknowledging the buyer's recent offer while still valuing the product appropriately. Let's move closer to a deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4600. This price acknowledges the seller's latest offer while still reflecting my belief that the product's limitations warrant a lower valuation. I am eager to find common ground and move closer to a deal.