Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a significant enhancement in performance, which is valuable to potential users. However, the lack of information on data entropy, data life, history, and market limits the overall confidence in the valuation. The expected price reflects the potential value of the performance improvement while accounting for the uncertainty due to the missing traits.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can appeal to businesses looking to optimize their operations. The capacity being described as "enough" suggests that the product can handle expected workloads. Low data entropy implies that the data is structured and reliable, which adds to its overall value. A long data life indicates that the product can be used for an extended period without becoming obsolete. However, the market rating of 0.5 suggests that while there is some demand, it\'s not extremely high. The lack of historical data weakens the confidence in the product\'s past performance. Overall, considering these factors, the expected price reflects a balance between its potential utility and market demand.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the model performance improvement of 0.3, alongside the reliability and longevity of the data product. The structured nature of the data ensures optimal usage for businesses looking to enhance their operations.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2000. While I acknowledge the performance improvement of 0.3, the lack of additional data attributes such as entropy, life history, and market insights significantly affects my valuation. My offer reflects a cautious approach considering these uncertainties.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. This price reflects the substantial value of the data product, highlighting its performance improvement and reliability, while also considering the buyer's concerns about missing data attributes. Let's move forward and find common ground.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I believe this price better reflects my cautious approach to the data product while still acknowledging its value. The concerns regarding the missing data attributes remain significant, and I am looking for a fair compromise that addresses both our interests.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. This reflects my willingness to negotiate while still recognizing the quality and potential of the data product, which provides significant value despite the buyer's previous concerns.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, taking into account the seller's previous offers and my concerns about the missing data attributes. This allows us to move closer to an agreement while still addressing the value of the product.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14550. The data product offers substantial value and I believe this revised price reflects its quality while still being reasonable for both parties.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price still recognizes the value of the data product while addressing my concerns about the missing attributes. Let's find a compromise that works for both of us.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14580. I believe this price reflects the substantial value of the data product while also considering the buyer's previous offer and concerns. This amount recognizes the product's reliability and performance improvements, making it a fair compromise for both parties.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14480. I believe this price represents a fair compromise, acknowledging the seller's improvements while still reflecting my concerns about the product's missing attributes. It's a strategic move to keep the negotiation moving forward without straying too far from previous offers.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14590. This price reflects the continuous improvements in the data product's performance and reliability, which I believe justifies a slight increase while still being reasonable in light of the previous offers.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14490. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the seller's improvements while still aligning with my cautious valuation of the product given the previous concerns regarding missing data attributes.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14595. This price reflects the significant improvements and reliability of the data product, while staying competitive and close to the buyer's last offer. I'm confident this is a fair value that acknowledges both the product's quality and the buyer's concerns.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14500. I believe this price fairly reflects the improvements in the data product while also considering my ongoing concerns regarding its completeness. It strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's position and my cautious approach to this investment.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14580. This price reflects the value of the data product, considering its quality and reliability, and maintains a reasonable gap from your last offer, which suggests a willingness to negotiate while still recognizing the product's worth.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14480. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the data product's value while still addressing my concerns regarding its completeness. It indicates my willingness to negotiate and meet halfway while considering the reliability aspects highlighted by the seller.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 14585. This price reflects a slight adjustment while still emphasizing the quality and reliability of the data product, which has demonstrated its value throughout our negotiations. I believe this offer acknowledges the buyer's concerns while also recognizing the improvements made.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 14485. This price reflects my continued recognition of the improvements made to the data product while still considering my concerns regarding its completeness. I believe this offer strikes a fair balance that acknowledges the quality of the product while being mindful of my budget constraints.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 14590. This price reflects the high quality and reliability of the data product, considering the progress we've made in our negotiations and the buyer's recent offer of 14485. I believe this adjustment strikes a fair balance, recognizing the value of the product while still addressing the buyer's concerns.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 14490. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the seller's emphasis on quality and reliability while still considering my previous concerns about the completeness of the data product. It's a strategic compromise that keeps our negotiations moving forward and highlights my willingness to meet halfway in this deal.