Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating it can enhance existing models effectively. The market size is also considerable at 0.5, suggesting there is demand for such a product. However, the presence of NULL traits indicates a lack of certain critical data, which lowers the overall certainty of the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The product has a Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating it can significantly enhance performance, which is desirable in the market. The low data entropy suggests that the data is reliable and consistent, while a long data life indicates sustainability. Although the market score is moderate at 0.5, the overall traits suggest that the product is valuable and could meet specific needs in a stable market. However, the NULL history trait does limit some confidence in past performance, but the other traits compensate for it.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:6725.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 8000. This price reflects the significant value of our data product, which boasts a Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, indicating a substantial enhancement in performance. The reliability indicated by low data entropy and the long data life further enhances its desirability in the market. I'm confident this price aligns with the quality and potential of the product.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4500. While the Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 is impressive, the presence of NULL traits raises concerns about the overall data quality. My offer reflects a careful assessment of the product¡¯s potential and aligns with my budget, considering the uncertainties involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 7500. I believe this price reflects the strong performance and reliability of the data product while also addressing the buyer's concerns about data quality. It's a fair compromise that values the product's worth while still being an attractive option for the buyer.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4600. I believe this price is a reasonable step up from my previous offer while still addressing my concerns about the data quality. It reflects a more optimistic view of the product's value, and I'm looking to find common ground that acknowledges both the product's strengths and my reservations.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 7200. This reflects my confidence in the data product's strong performance and reliability while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about data quality. Let's find a middle ground to move forward.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 7100. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the seller's confidence in the product while still addressing my concerns regarding data quality. This keeps us both motivated to reach an agreement and move forward.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 7000. This price reflects the strong performance and reliability of the data product while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns about quality. I'm confident that this represents a fair value for both parties and hope we can reach an agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 6900. This price reflects my recognition of the product's strong performance while still addressing my concerns regarding data quality. I believe this is a reasonable compromise that brings us closer to an agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 6950. This price reflects a balance between the product's strong performance and the buyer's concerns about data quality. I believe this offer is fair and encourages us to move closer to agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 6800. I believe this price strikes a fair balance considering the seller's emphasis on the product's strong performance while still acknowledging the ongoing concerns about data quality. This offer reflects my continued commitment to reach an agreement that satisfies both parties.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 6900. This price reflects the strong performance and reliability of the data product while also considering the buyer's concerns about data quality. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's value and aims for a successful agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 6800. This price reflects my continued recognition of the product's strong performance and reliability, while also addressing my concerns regarding data quality. I believe this is a reasonable compromise that aligns with both our interests and paves the way for a successful agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 6850. This price reflects a reasonable adjustment while maintaining the value of the data product, which showcases strong performance and reliability. I believe this is a fair compromise that considers both the product's worth and your concerns regarding data quality.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 6750. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's recent offer and my ongoing concerns about data quality. It reflects my acknowledgment of the product's value while also considering the adjustments needed for a fair agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 6800. This price reflects the strong performance and reliability of the data product while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about quality. I believe this is a fair and mutually beneficial price that can lead us to a successful agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 6700. This price reflects my continued recognition of the data product's value while remaining cautious about its quality concerns. It presents a fair compromise that can bring us closer to a successful agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 6750. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the data product's proven performance and the ongoing concerns about quality. This offer aims to bridge our positions while recognizing the value the product brings to the table.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 6700. I believe this price maintains a balance between the product's value and our ongoing concerns regarding data quality. It reflects my commitment to reaching an agreement while recognizing the seller's position.