Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a decent level of improvement, which can be valuable in a competitive market. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle the necessary workload, and a long data life indicates longevity and ongoing usability. However, the NULL traits, particularly Data Entropy and History, introduce uncertainty about the product\'s robustness and historical performance. The market rating of 0.5 reflects moderate demand. Therefore, the expected price takes into account the positive traits while acknowledging the gaps in information.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating its potential effectiveness. Additionally, having low data entropy suggests that the data is well-structured and reliable, while a long data life implies sustainability and usability over time. The market value of 0.5 indicates moderate demand, which also contributes positively to the valuation. However, the absence of historical data can limit confidence.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, indicating the product's effectiveness, along with its well-structured data and sustainability. The moderate market demand further justifies this valuation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. While the Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 is noted, the high price of 18000 does not align with the uncertainties presented, particularly regarding Data Entropy and History. Given the moderate market rating and the gaps in information, I believe a more reasonable starting point is warranted.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 17000. The value of this data product is significant due to its Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 and the current moderate market demand, which justifies a premium price.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 16000. The data product's Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 is valuable, but the seller's current price is still too high given my budget and the market conditions. I'm looking for a more balanced deal that reflects both the product's worth and my financial constraints.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 16500. Given the moderate market demand and the previous negotiations, I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while still valuing the Model Performance Improvement. Let's work towards a successful agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 16400. I believe this price is a reasonable step towards reaching an agreement while still acknowledging the seller's position and the market conditions. Let's continue to work towards a mutually beneficial deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 16550. Given the ongoing negotiations and the moderate market demand, this price reflects a fair compromise while still valuing the data product's performance improvement. Let's move closer to a resolution.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 16450. This price reflects my continued commitment to finding a middle ground while considering the performance improvement of the data product and the current market conditions. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 16500. This reflects a fair compromise considering the current market dynamics and the value of the data product. I believe this price aligns well with the buyer's expectations while still recognizing the quality and potential of what I'm offering.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 16400. This price reflects my continued commitment to finding a fair compromise while acknowledging the quality and potential of the data product. I believe this is a reasonable step considering the current market dynamics and the previous offers made.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 16500. This price reflects the quality of the data product with a 0.3 Model Performance Improvement and acknowledges the moderate market demand for such offerings. It is a reasonable compromise that brings us closer to a successful agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 16400. This price represents a continued commitment to reaching a fair agreement while considering both the quality of the data product and the current market dynamics. I believe it strikes a reasonable balance and brings us closer to finalizing this deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 16500. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the model performance improvement and current market dynamics while also aiming for a productive negotiation.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 16400. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the product's value considering the ongoing market dynamics and my commitment to reaching an agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 16550. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the data product's performance and the current market dynamics, while still aiming for a beneficial agreement for both parties.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 16450. I believe this price is a reasonable reflection of the product's quality and performance, while still maintaining my budget constraints. It's a step closer to finding common ground in this negotiation, and I'm optimistic that we can reach an agreement that benefits us both.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 16500. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the consistent evaluations of market demand and the product's performance. It's a balanced approach that aims to reach a mutually beneficial agreement while recognizing the value of the data product.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 16400. This price reflects my ongoing commitment to reach a fair and reasonable agreement, considering the consistent evaluations of the market demand and the product's performance. I believe this amount is a strategic move towards closing this deal effectively.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 16500. This price reflects the consistent market demand and the quality of the data product, balancing both our interests effectively in this final round.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 16400. This price reflects a commitment to a mutually beneficial agreement, while still recognizing the value and quality of the data product. It provides a reasonable compromise based on the previous discussions and market dynamics.