Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a noticeable enhancement in performance, which is valuable in data-driven applications. The capacity is sufficient, meaning it can handle the required data needs effectively. However, the low data entropy suggests that the data might be less diverse or complex, which can limit its application scope. The market score of 0.5 indicates a moderate demand, but the NULL traits (Data Life and History) introduce uncertainty regarding the product's longevity and reliability. Overall, the positive traits outweigh the negatives, leading to a reasonable valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '8000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating that it can enhance performance effectively. The capacity is deemed sufficient, and the low data entropy suggests that the data is stable and reliable. Additionally, a long data life indicates sustained usability. The market score of 0.5 reflects moderate demand, implying potential profitability. Although the history trait is NULL, the other positive attributes support a strong valuation.', 'confidence': 'high'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 10000. This data product showcases a significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, indicating it can effectively enhance performance. The capacity is sufficient, the low data entropy ensures stability and reliability, and the long data life promises sustained usability. With a market score of 0.5 reflecting moderate demand, the potential for profitability is strong. My confidence in this valuation is high.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. The significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 is impressive, but the low data entropy and uncertainty surrounding the data's longevity and reliability suggest a much lower price point is appropriate. My confidence in this valuation reflects the need to account for these limitations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 9000. The data I possess has demonstrated robust model performance and significant profitability potential, which justifies a valuation that reflects its true worth.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 8900. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, considering the seller's confidence in the data's performance while also addressing my concerns about its long-term reliability.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 8950. This reflects a slight adjustment in response to the buyer's last offer while still considering the data's longevity and reliability concerns. I believe this is a fair price that acknowledges the data's potential while also being mindful of its limitations.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 8850. I believe this price reflects the ongoing negotiation while still valuing the data's potential. It acknowledges the seller's concerns while aiming for a favorable deal for both parties.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 8900. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the potential of the data and the reliability concerns we've discussed. Let's move towards closing this deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 8800. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's concerns while still reflecting the value of the data potential. It's a reasonable step closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 8700. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between the data's potential and the ongoing concerns about its reliability, while also taking into account the buyer's previous offer of 8800.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 8600. I believe this price represents a reasonable negotiation towards the seller's offer, while still reflecting my valuation of the data's potential and the importance of addressing reliability concerns. This proposal also strategically positions us closer to a mutually agreeable deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 8650. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, taking into account the data's potential and addressing the buyer's concerns about reliability. Let's find a middle ground that both parties can be satisfied with.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 8550. I believe this price represents a fair compromise that acknowledges the data's potential while still addressing the reliability concerns we have discussed. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 8600. I believe this price reflects a reasonable balance considering the data's potential and the reliability concerns we've discussed. It also acknowledges the buyer's previous offers while still aiming to achieve a satisfactory outcome for both parties.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 8500. I believe this price demonstrates my continued commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement while reflecting the ongoing concerns regarding data reliability and longevity. It also acknowledges the seller's offer, moving closer to a satisfactory compromise.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 8550. I believe this price balances the data's potential and the ongoing concerns about its reliability, while still moving us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement as we approach the final rounds of negotiation.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 8450. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the data's potential while acknowledging the seller's concerns about reliability. As we move closer to finalizing this deal, it's important to find a balance that respects both parties' positions.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 8500. I believe this price reflects the data's potential while also acknowledging the ongoing concerns about reliability. Let's find a common ground that respects both parties' interests as we approach the final rounds of negotiation.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 8400. I believe this price strikes a reasonable compromise that reflects both the potential of the data and the ongoing concerns about its reliability. It's a step closer to a mutually beneficial agreement as we finalize our negotiation.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 8400. I believe this price reflects the ongoing negotiations and acknowledges the buyer's previous offer while still considering the value I place on the data product. This is a fair compromise as we approach the final stages of our discussions.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 8300. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller¡¯s valuation and my need for a competitive deal. It acknowledges the ongoing negotiations while still reflecting my commitment to securing a fair agreement. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial outcome.