Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which could be valuable in data-driven applications. The capacity being "enough" suggests that it can handle required workloads. Low data entropy implies the data is structured and reliable, while a long data life indicates sustainability and relevance over time. However, the lack of historical and market information introduces uncertainty, reducing overall confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '12000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a significant enhancement in performance, which can be valuable to businesses looking to optimize their operations. The low data entropy suggests that the data is reliable and stable, while a long data life means that the product can remain relevant over time. However, the lack of historical data could pose a risk, but the market score of 0.5 indicates a moderate demand. Overall, these factors combined suggest a solid value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 15000. This price reflects the significant enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, along with the reliability and stability of the data due to low entropy. The long data life adds to its value, making it a compelling investment for businesses looking to optimize operations.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. While I appreciate the performance enhancement indicated by the Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, my valuation considers the uncertainty due to the lack of historical and market information. This makes me cautious about the overall investment.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 12000. I believe this price reflects the significant value of the data product while taking into account the buyer's concerns about historical performance and market information. This offer balances our positions and could facilitate a timely agreement.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 11000. I believe this price demonstrates my willingness to recognize the value of the data product while still considering my concerns about the historical performance and market information provided. This adjusted offer reflects a fair compromise and keeps us moving toward a potential agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 11500. This price reflects a balanced approach, considering both the quality and reliability of the data product while still acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 11300. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the seller's quality and reliability claims while still maintaining a cautious stance given the previous offers. It strikes a balance between the seller¡¯s expectations and my budget constraints.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 11400. I believe this price reflects the quality and reliability of the data product while also addressing the buyer's concerns about budget. It allows for a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the value offered while remaining attractive to the buyer.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 11300. I believe this price not only acknowledges the seller's offer but also reflects my commitment to reach a fair deal that balances quality and budget considerations. It allows us to move closer to an agreement while still being mindful of the value of the data product.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 11500. This price reflects the consistent value of the data product while recognizing the buyer's budgetary concerns. Let's move forward with this offer, as it balances quality and value effectively.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 11400. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the quality of the data product while also considering my budget constraints. Let's aim to finalize this deal with a reasonable agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 11500. I believe this price reflects the product's high quality and the value it brings, while still being reasonable for the buyer. It's a competitive offer that balances both parties' interests.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 11400. I believe this price maintains a fair balance between the product's value and my budget constraints, while still acknowledging the seller's emphasis on quality. It represents a reasonable step towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 11500. I believe this price reflects the high quality and value of the data product while still considering the buyer's budget constraints. Let's move forward and finalize this deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 11400. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between recognizing the quality of the data product and remaining within my budget constraints. Let's work together to finalize this deal.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 11500. This price reflects the consistent quality and reliability of the data product while considering the buyer's budget constraints. I'm confident this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the value of the product and the buyer's position.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 11400. I believe this price continues to reflect my commitment to negotiating a balance between quality and budget, while being mindful of the seller's persistent offers. This slight adjustment acknowledges the value of the product, yet remains within a reasonable range for my budget considerations.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 11500. I believe this price reflects the high quality and reliability of the data product while also addressing the buyer's budget concerns. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges the value of what I'm offering.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 11400. This price acknowledges the seller's emphasis on quality while still reflecting my need to maintain a balanced budget. I believe this is a fair compromise that respects both the value of the product and my financial constraints.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 11500. I believe this price reflects the exceptional quality and value of the data product while also considering the buyer's budget constraints. This is a solid offer that balances both sides effectively.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 11400. I believe this price demonstrates my commitment to reaching a fair agreement that acknowledges the quality of the data product while remaining within my budget constraints. This offer is a balanced approach that reflects the ongoing negotiation and the value I see in the product.