Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 suggests a decent enhancement, while the low data entropy indicates high quality and reliability of the data. A long data life means the data product can be used for an extended period, which adds to its value. The market rating of 0.5 indicates a reasonable demand, though the NULL history trait limits historical performance insights. Overall, the combination of the traits suggests a valuable product, but the lack of history requires a more conservative valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating it can enhance existing systems effectively. The capacity is adequate, and low data entropy suggests high-quality, reliable data, while a long data life implies sustained usability. However, the lack of historical data could limit trust in consistency and effectiveness. The market demand rating of 0.5 indicates moderate interest, suggesting a decent potential for sales. Overall, the combination of these traits supports a reasonable valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the extraordinary model performance improvement of 0.3, which can significantly enhance existing systems. The product's high-quality, reliable data and sustained usability justify a premium price. I believe this valuation captures the unique value and potential of the data product.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 14000. While I acknowledge the model performance improvement and data quality, I believe my offer reflects a more conservative valuation given the lack of historical performance insights and the overall market demand.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 17000. I believe this price reflects the outstanding quality of the data and its potential for high performance, while still being a reasonable step towards meeting your budget considerations.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 16500. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's valuation and my budget constraints, while still acknowledging the quality and potential of the data.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 16800. This price reflects the high quality of the data and its strong potential, while remaining competitive in our negotiations. Let's bridge the gap and move closer to an agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 16600. I believe this price fairly reflects the quality of the data while still allowing for a reasonable negotiation margin. Let's continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 16700. I believe this price reflects the exceptional quality and performance potential of the data while still being reasonable for both parties. Let's move closer to a deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 16650. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's valuation and my budget constraints while still recognizing the quality and performance potential of the data. Let's find common ground and move closer to a successful agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 16750. This price reflects the exceptional quality and performance potential of the data, while also considering the buyer's previous offers. I'm confident this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' interests.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 16700. I believe this price reflects the value of the data while still recognizing the seller's recent offer. It maintains a reasonable negotiation stance, considering our discussions on quality and performance. Let's find a middle ground that benefits both parties.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 16750. The data quality and performance potential remain strong, and I believe this price reflects its true value while also showing my willingness to negotiate fairly.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 16650. The quality and potential of the data are recognized, but I believe my offer reflects a fair valuation while still allowing room for negotiation. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 16750. I believe this price reflects the high-quality data and its potential performance, while also showing my willingness to negotiate fairly. Let's reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 16650. This price reflects my belief in the data's quality and performance while also considering the ongoing negotiations. I'm committed to finding a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the product while aligning with my budget. Let's move closer to an agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 16700. I believe this price reflects the high quality and performance potential of the data while remaining competitive and appealing to your budget constraints. Let's continue to find a satisfactory agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 16600. This price reflects my recognition of the high quality and performance potential of the data while also considering my budget constraints. I believe we can reach a mutually beneficial agreement with this offer.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 16750. The quality and potential of the data remain strong, and I believe this price reflects a fair balance between value and budget considerations. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 16650. I believe this price reflects the quality of the data while also considering the budget constraints we've discussed. It's a fair compromise that maintains the value we've been negotiating. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 16700. This reflects my confidence in the quality and performance potential of the data while also considering the buyer's previous offer. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the data while still being within a reasonable range for both parties.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 16600. This price reflects my assessment of the data's quality and performance potential while also taking into account the seller's recent offer. I believe this is a reasonable adjustment that acknowledges the value of the data while allowing us to move closer to an agreement.