Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a sufficient capacity and low data entropy, which suggests it can provide stable and reliable outputs. However, the absence of information on Model Performance Improvement, Data Life, History, and Market limits the ability to assess its full potential and market fit. Given these factors, a moderate valuation is warranted.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The model shows a significant performance improvement (MPI of 0.2) which indicates that it can enhance existing processes or systems effectively. The low data entropy suggests it is reliable and easy to analyze, while a long data life indicates ongoing usability. However, the market score of 0.3 implies that demand may be somewhat limited, affecting the price. Given the overall positive traits, the expected price reflects a balance between performance and market conditions.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:5075.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the significant performance improvement indicated by the model, which shows a strong potential to enhance existing processes effectively. The reliability and ongoing usability further justify this premium price, despite the limited market demand.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4800. Given the current uncertainties regarding the Model Performance Improvement and limited market demand, I believe this price reflects a more balanced valuation for the data product while still recognizing its potential.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the significant performance improvements and reliability of the product while also acknowledging the market uncertainties you've raised. I believe this is a fair compromise that balances both of our perspectives.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5200. This price reflects my willingness to recognize the improvements in performance and reliability while still considering the market uncertainties we've discussed. I believe it strikes a fair balance and brings us closer to an agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5300. Given the recent discussions about performance improvements and reliability, I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the value of the product and the market uncertainties we've been addressing.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5100. I believe this price fairly reflects the value of the product while still considering the market uncertainties we've discussed. It also acknowledges the seller's recent offer of 5300, while staying within a reasonable range for both parties.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5200. I believe this price reflects the significant performance improvements and reliability of the product while also acknowledging the market uncertainties we've discussed. It's a fair compromise that recognizes the value I provide.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5100. I believe this price strikes a balance between the value of the product and the considerations we've discussed regarding market uncertainties. It reflects my understanding of its performance while remaining realistic about the current market conditions.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5150. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between acknowledging the buyer's concerns about market uncertainties and recognizing the value of the performance improvements we have made.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5050. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the seller's performance improvements while still addressing the ongoing market uncertainties that we face.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5100. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing discussions about performance improvements and market uncertainties. I believe it balances both parties' interests effectively while also recognizing the value of the product.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5050. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's recent offers while still taking into account the market uncertainties we've discussed. It's a fair adjustment that keeps us moving toward a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5100. I believe this price reflects a solid balance between the product's demonstrated performance improvements and the current market uncertainties both of us are considering. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5050. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance, reflecting the product's value while acknowledging the market uncertainties we both face. Let's move closer to a deal that satisfies us both.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5100. This price reflects my consideration of the ongoing discussions, acknowledging the buyer's concerns while still recognizing the inherent value and performance of the product. It's a fair compromise that balances both our positions as we move towards a potential agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5050. This price reflects a continued commitment to balancing the product's inherent value with the market uncertainties we've discussed. It represents a reasonable step forward in our negotiations while acknowledging the seller's position. Let's work towards finalizing this agreement.