Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '500', 'reason': 'The product has a short data life and limited market potential (market score of 0.3), which suggests low demand. Additionally, the absence of critical traits such as Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy raises concerns about its overall value, leading to a conservative estimate.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, suggesting it can enhance performance to some degree. However, the medium data entropy and short data life indicate potential limitations in usability and longevity. The market value of 0.3 signifies a niche demand, but not a strong one. Given these factors and the lack of a historical performance record, the valuation is moderate.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:525.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement of the data product and its unique position in the market, despite some limitations in usability and longevity. I believe this price captures the potential value and demand for the product effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 300. The data product has a short data life and limited market potential, which suggests low demand. Additionally, the absence of critical traits such as Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy raises concerns about its overall value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1200. I believe this price reflects the unique value of the data product while taking into account the concerns raised about its short data life and limited demand. Let's find a middle ground that recognizes the product's potential.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 400. I believe this price more accurately reflects the product's limited demand and short data life while still acknowledging some value in the unique features it offers. Let's work towards a more realistic agreement that aligns with current market conditions.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 900. I believe this price reflects the unique value of the data product while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about its limitations. It strikes a balance between our previous discussions and offers a fair opportunity for both parties to move forward.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 800. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that recognizes the seller's valuation while still aligning with my assessment of the product's limitations and market demand. It paves the way for a constructive negotiation, and I am eager to find common ground.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 850. I believe this price reflects the unique value of the data product while still acknowledging the buyer's concerns about its limitations and market demand. Let's find a middle ground that works for both of us.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 750. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's perspective on the product's unique value while still considering its limitations in the market. It's a fair compromise that could pave the way for a successful deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 800. This price reflects the unique value of the data product while acknowledging the buyer's perspective on market conditions and demand. I'm open to negotiation and hope to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 700. This price represents a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's perspective while also considering my assessment of the product's value and market demand. I'm looking to find a middle ground that benefits both parties as we move forward in this negotiation.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 750. I believe this price reflects the unique value of the data product while considering the buyer's previous offers and the current market conditions. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges both perspectives.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 650. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's previous valuation and my assessment of the product's limitations. It recognizes the unique aspects of the data while reflecting the realities of the market demand.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 700. This price reflects the unique value of the data product while also accommodating the buyer's concerns regarding market demand and product limitations. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' perspectives.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 600. This price considers the seller's unique value claims while still recognizing the product's limitations and market demand. It reflects a reasonable compromise that I believe is fair for both parties.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 650. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the unique value of the data product while also considering the buyer's perspective on its limitations. This offer allows us to move forward constructively in our negotiations.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 550. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that reflects the limitations of the data product while still recognizing its value. It allows us to continue progressing in our negotiations without straining either party's position.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 600. Given the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's last offer of 550, this price represents a balanced approach that acknowledges the product's unique value while being mindful of the buyer's perspective. It provides room for compromise as we near the end of our discussions.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 500. This price reflects my understanding of the product's limitations and market demand while still recognizing the seller's perspective. It represents a fair compromise as we approach the final stages of our negotiations.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 550. This price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the product's unique value, while also acknowledging the buyer's perspective on its limitations.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 500. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer of 550 while still reflecting my perspective on the product's limitations. I believe this amount represents a fair compromise as we aim to finalize this deal.