Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity and medium data entropy, indicating it can handle a reasonable amount of variability in the data. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement and data life limits the potential value. Given the market score of 0.3, which suggests a low demand or market presence, the expected price reflects a cautious valuation.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in model performance, which can be appealing in a competitive market. The capacity being described as "enough" suggests that the product can handle the expected load without significant issues. However, the data entropy being medium and the data life being short imply that the data may not be as robust or long-lasting, which could limit the product\'s longevity and future value. The market rating of 0.3 suggests a low demand or niche usage. Overall, these factors lead to a cautious valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1675.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the product's moderate improvement in model performance and sufficient capacity, which make it an attractive option in the current market, despite the medium data entropy and short data life.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The offered price of 1800 is still too high given the product's limitations, particularly the short data life and medium data entropy. My offer reflects a more cautious approach in light of the market's low demand and uncertain value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. The product has value, and this price reflects a fair compromise between our positions while considering its moderate performance and market demand.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. The product has potential, but the moderate performance and market demand still warrant a more cautious approach to pricing. This offer reflects a fair valuation while aiming to bridge our differences.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1680. This price reflects a balanced approach, considering the product's moderate performance and the current market demand while still providing a reasonable return for its value.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1670. This price is a strategic move, reflecting my acknowledgment of the seller's considerations while still aiming for a reasonable compromise that recognizes the product's moderate performance and current market conditions.