Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity and a medium level of data entropy, suggesting it can provide valuable insights within its limitations. However, the short data life might reduce its long-term value. The lack of information on model performance improvement and market dynamics creates uncertainty, but the existing traits still warrant a reasonable price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be attractive in certain markets. The capacity being "enough" suggests that it can handle the required data volume, although the medium data entropy and short data life may limit its long-term usability. The market score of 0.3 indicates a niche demand, which tempers the expected price. Overall, while there are limitations, the product has potential value in specific applications.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2325.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, and the potential value in specific applications despite some limitations. I'm confident that this price accurately represents the unique attributes of the data product.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2000. While I recognize the potential value in specific applications, the offered price still seems quite low given the attributes of the data product and its limitations. I believe a price closer to 2000 is more reflective of its overall value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2400. This price reflects the unique attributes of the data product while considering the feedback from the previous round. It strikes a balance between the value I see in the product and the reasonable expectations set by the buyer's previous offer.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2300. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my assessment of the product's value. I believe it strikes a fair compromise, considering the data product's unique attributes and the previous feedback provided.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2400. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product, considering its unique attributes and the feedback received in previous rounds. It¡¯s a fair compromise that acknowledges the buyer's interest while also valuing the product appropriately.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2300. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, reflecting the unique attributes of the data product while being mindful of the seller's value perception. It's a reasonable step towards closing the deal within a competitive range.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2400. This price reflects the unique attributes of the data product and acknowledges the buyer's previous offers while maintaining a fair value for both parties.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2300. This price reflects my continued appreciation for the unique attributes of the data product while remaining grounded in our previous discussions. I believe this offer strikes a fair balance for both parties, considering the seller's last position.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2350. This price reflects the unique attributes of the data product while recognizing the buyer's previous offers. It strikes a balance between our perspectives and shows my willingness to negotiate further.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2300. I believe this price fairly reflects the unique attributes of the data product while still acknowledging the seller's position. It maintains a balance that allows us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2350. This price reflects the unique attributes of the data product and acknowledges the buyer's consistent offers while still aiming for a fair deal.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2300. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the unique attributes of the data product and our ongoing negotiations, while also acknowledging the seller's most recent offer. Let's move closer to a deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2400. This price reflects the value of the unique data product and takes into account the buyer's previous offers while also acknowledging its performance attributes. It's a fair compromise that could lead us to a successful agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2300. I believe this price strikes a fair balance considering the unique attributes of the data product while remaining within my budget. It's a reasonable step towards closing this deal and acknowledging both our positions.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2350. This price reflects a reasonable compromise that acknowledges both the unique attributes of the data product and the buyer's consistent position. It maintains a balance between value and the ongoing negotiations, aiming to facilitate a successful deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2300. This price is a continuation of my consistent position while still acknowledging the seller's recent offer. It reflects a fair evaluation of the data product's unique attributes and maintains the balance I've aimed for throughout our negotiations.