Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be valuable to certain users. However, the short data life and lack of historical and market information suggests limited long-term utility and marketability. Therefore, the price reflects a balance between potential performance gains and the risks associated with the unknowns.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating it can enhance existing models to some degree. However, the short data life and medium data entropy suggest that while it may provide value in the short term, its longevity and overall utility are limited. The market score of 0.3 indicates low demand, further affecting the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1507.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2000. This data product demonstrates a moderate model performance improvement, which can significantly enhance existing models in the short term. Despite its limitations in longevity and demand, I believe the value it provides justifies a higher starting price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. While the data product does show a moderate model performance improvement, I must consider the short data life and limited long-term utility. Given these factors, I believe a lower price is more reasonable for this product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. This reflects a more balanced value considering the data product's moderate performance improvement, while also acknowledging its limitations and shorter data life. I believe this price aligns better with the product's overall utility.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1500. This price reflects a fair compromise, considering the moderate performance improvement of the data product alongside its limitations and shorter data life. It acknowledges the seller's perspective while still valuing the product appropriately.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects the moderate performance improvements of the data product while considering its limitations and short data life. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' perspectives.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price strikes an optimal balance between the product's moderate performance improvements and its acknowledged limitations, including the short data life. This offer reflects my commitment to reaching a fair agreement that respects both parties' interests.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1550. This price reflects the balance between the product's moderate performance improvements and its limitations, offering a fair opportunity for both parties to benefit from the deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1500. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while also reflecting my assessment of the product's moderate performance and limitations. It's a fair compromise that allows us both to benefit from this transaction.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1525. Given the previous discussions and the buyer's consistent offers around the 1500 mark, I believe this adjustment reflects a reasonable compromise while still acknowledging the product's moderate performance and limited long-term benefits. Let's move toward finalizing this deal.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1500. This price reflects my consistent offers and acknowledges the seller's adjustments while still considering the data product's moderate performance and its limitations. I believe this is a fair and reasonable price to move forward with the deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1510. This price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the buyer's consistent offers around 1500 while acknowledging the product's moderate performance and the limited long-term utility.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1505. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my view of the product's moderate value and performance limitations. It's a fair compromise that aims to move the negotiation forward while considering the seller's position.