Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and low data entropy, which suggests stability and reliability. However, the market score of 0.3 indicates low demand or potential in the current market, and several traits being NULL limits the overall confidence in the valuation. Therefore, a moderate price reflecting these conditions is appropriate.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement is relatively decent at 0.2, and the capacity is sufficient, indicating potential usability in various applications. The low data entropy suggests that the data is reliable and structured, which can enhance its value. Additionally, the long data life indicates that the data can be useful over an extended period. However, the market score is only 0.3, which is relatively low, suggesting that while the product has some strong traits, there may be limited demand. The lack of historical data is a concern, reducing confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1705.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the strong potential usability of the data product, given its decent model performance improvement and low data entropy, which indicates reliability. While the market score is relatively low, I believe the product's value can still command a higher price due to its long data life and sufficient capacity for various applications.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. The offered price of 1800 is too high given the current market score of 0.3 and the NULL traits affecting confidence. A price of 1700 reflects my assessment of the product's potential while taking into account its limitations. Let's find a fair agreement that acknowledges both the strengths and weaknesses of the data product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. The product has potential, but I believe my previous price was too low considering its usability. This adjusted price reflects a more balanced view of its value and market score. Let¡¯s make a deal!
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1725. The product's potential and usability are clear, and I believe this price reflects a fair compromise. It shows my recognition of its value while still being mindful of the previous discussions regarding the market score. Let¡¯s move towards a deal!
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price effectively balances the product's usability and potential against its market limitations, making it a fair offer for both parties.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1725. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise between the product's usability and potential while still acknowledging its market limitations. It also aligns closely with the seller's previous offer, showing my willingness to engage collaboratively in this negotiation.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects a fair acknowledgment of the product's usability while still considering its limitations in the market. It strikes a balance that recognizes both parties' perspectives.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price takes into account the seller's last offer while still reflecting my assessment of the product's usability and market limitations. It provides a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the value of the product without overstating its worth.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1725. This price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the product's potential while also considering its market limitations. It maintains a fair balance and encourages a productive dialogue moving forward.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price is a strategic adjustment that reflects both my acknowledgment of the seller's previous offers and the need to stay within a budget that considers the product's market limitations. It signals my willingness to negotiate while aiming for a more favorable deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1710.0. This price reflects a strategic adjustment that recognizes the buyer's previous offer while still acknowledging the product's limitations and market conditions.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1700.0. This price is a fair reflection of my willingness to negotiate while still acknowledging the product's limitations and the seller's last offer. I believe this represents a reasonable compromise for both parties.