Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 suggests a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be attractive to potential users. The "enough" capacity indicates that the product can handle the necessary data load, but the short data life raises concerns about its long-term usability. The NULL values for Data Entropy and History limit the understanding of the product\'s robustness and reliability. The market value of 0.3 implies some demand, but it is not particularly strong. Overall, the combination of these traits leads to a moderate expected price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.3 indicates that the product has some potential for enhancing performance, which can attract interest. However, the data life is short and data entropy is medium, suggesting that the product may not be sustainable or have long-term viability. The market score of 0.3 indicates limited demand, but the capacity being "enough" means it can handle current needs. Overall, while there are some positive traits, the limitations reduce the expected price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1670.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the potential for performance enhancement indicated by the model improvement and accounts for the current market demand. While the data may have limitations, its ability to meet current needs makes it valuable.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price better reflects the limitations of the data product, particularly the concerns regarding its short data life and the NULL values for Data Entropy and History. While there is some potential for performance enhancement, I feel that the offered price does not adequately account for these factors.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. The value of this data product is enhanced by its performance, and I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the current market demand and the limitations we discussed.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe that this price strikes a balance between the seller's offer and my previous bid, taking into account the enhancements in performance while still acknowledging the limitations of the data product. This makes it a fair and reasonable offer in the current market context.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1680. The current market demand has potential, but I still need to consider the product's limitations, such as its short data life and NULL values. This price strikes a balance that reflects both the value the buyer sees and the challenges we face.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1660. I believe this price reflects the ongoing demand while acknowledging the product's limitations. It's a reasonable mid-point that can facilitate a successful deal.