Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a significant enhancement in model efficiency, which can be highly valuable in data-driven industries. Although the data entropy is medium, the capacity is sufficient, suggesting that the product can handle the necessary data load. However, the NULL traits (Data Life, History, Market) introduce uncertainty, affecting the overall valuation. Given the potential benefits of the MPI and sufficient capacity, the product can be valued at a reasonable price while acknowledging the limitations due to the NULL traits.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates a potential benefit for users seeking to enhance their existing models. However, the data entropy being medium and a short data life suggest that while there is some value, it may not be sustainable over the long term. Additionally, the market score of 0.3 indicates limited demand or size. Therefore, the expected price reflects these moderate traits.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:5310.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement of the data product, which can enhance existing models, and acknowledges the medium data entropy and short data life. Given the potential benefits, I believe this price is justified.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4800. The Model Performance Improvement is indeed valuable, but the medium data entropy and NULL traits introduce uncertainty that affects the overall value. I believe this price reflects a fair starting point considering those factors.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects a balanced consideration of the moderate Model Performance Improvement while still taking into account the medium data entropy and short data life. It's a fair midpoint that acknowledges both parties' perspectives.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the seller's recent offer and my initial considerations regarding the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the risks associated with medium data entropy and short data life. This adjustment reflects my commitment to reach a mutually beneficial agreement while staying within reasonable limits.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the balanced consideration of the moderate Model Performance Improvement while still acknowledging the data risks involved. I believe this is a fair and equitable offer for both parties.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5400. This price acknowledges the seller's balanced consideration of the moderate Model Performance Improvement while remaining within a reasonable range that reflects my perspective on the data risks. I believe this is a fair compromise that respects both parties' interests and paves the way for a successful deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this reflects a reasonable compromise given the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the associated data risks. It maintains a fair value while aligning with the buyer's last offer.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price strikes a fair balance considering the previous offers and the moderate Model Performance Improvement alongside the data risks. It reflects my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement while acknowledging the seller's latest offer.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5450. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the moderate Model Performance Improvement while still considering the data risks involved. It provides an attractive option for both parties to move forward.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price maintains a fair balance considering the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the data risks we've discussed. It allows us to move forward while respecting both our interests.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5400. This price reflects a reasonable balance, considering the ongoing discussions around model performance improvement and data risks. It maintains a fair stance while acknowledging the buyer's previous offer.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price maintains a competitive edge while acknowledging the seller's offer of 5400. It reflects my assessment of the model performance improvement and the associated data risks, allowing us to move closer to an agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5350. I believe this price reflects a slight adjustment while still considering the moderate Model Performance Improvement and potential data risks. It brings us closer together and sets a foundation for a fair deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, taking into account the seller's recent offer of 5350 while still allowing for a more favorable outcome for myself. It acknowledges the moderate Model Performance Improvement and data risks we've discussed, moving us closer to a potential agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5320. I believe this price reflects a reasonable adjustment considering the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the data risks involved. It's a fair compromise that brings us closer to an agreement while still respecting the value of the data.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the moderate Model Performance Improvement while still considering the data risks involved. It brings us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement while respecting the value of the data.