Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate improvement which could be appealing for users looking to enhance their models. However, the medium data entropy suggests some uncertainty in data quality, and the lack of information on data life and history raises concerns about reliability. The market score of 0.3 implies limited demand, which could further affect pricing. Given these factors, a price of 1500 reflects a cautious estimate considering the existing strengths and weaknesses.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) is moderate at 0.3, indicating that the product has some potential for performance enhancement. The capacity is sufficient, which is a positive trait, but the data entropy is medium and the data life is short, meaning the data may not be very durable or long-lasting. The NULL history indicates a lack of track record or previous performance data, which decreases confidence in the product¡¯s reliability. The market value being at 0.3 suggests limited demand or market size. Overall, while there are some strengths, the drawbacks and uncertainties lower the expected price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1605.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2000. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) and the sufficient capacity of the data product, indicating its potential for performance enhancement despite some drawbacks such as medium data entropy and short data life. This pricing strategy positions the product favorably in the market, and I believe it represents the value of its capabilities.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. Given the moderate MPI and the concerns regarding medium data entropy and the lack of information on data life, I believe a lower price reflects the inherent risks and uncertainties associated with the data product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1800. I believe this price reflects the moderate performance potential of the data product while also addressing the concerns over risks related to data quality and lifespan. It represents a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' viewpoints.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's concerns regarding data quality and the moderate performance potential of the product. It reflects my willingness to compromise while still valuing the data appropriately.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the buyer's previous offer and my concerns about data quality, while still reflecting the potential value of the product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the seller's concerns about data quality while still recognizing the product's potential value. This offer aims to bridge the gap between our previous discussions and encourages a constructive dialogue moving forward.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the buyer's last offer and acknowledges the ongoing concerns about the data product's quality and potential risks.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price takes into account the seller's concerns about data quality while still reflecting my belief in the data product's potential value. I believe it represents a fair compromise for both parties as we work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, considering the buyer's previous offer and the ongoing concerns about data quality. This amount acknowledges both the potential of the data product and the necessity to address its limitations effectively.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price is a fair adjustment that reflects my understanding of the data product's potential while still addressing the ongoing concerns about quality. It strikes a balance between our previous discussions and acknowledges the necessary compromises we both need to make.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1625. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing discussions about the data product's quality and potential. It acknowledges the buyer's concerns while still valuing the product's benefits.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, considering the ongoing discussions about the data product's quality and potential. It acknowledges the seller¡¯s concerns while still valuing the product's benefits, and it aligns closely with our previous negotiations.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1610. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the buyer's concerns while still valuing the data product's potential. It creates space for further negotiation and shows my willingness to find common ground.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price maintains a reasonable compromise reflecting the ongoing concerns about data quality and the product's potential value while showing my willingness to continue negotiations.