Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a reasonable enhancement, which can be appealing to users looking for efficiency gains. However, the medium data entropy and short data life suggest that while the product has some merit, its long-term utility may be limited. The lack of historical data and market context restricts the confidence in its value, but there is still potential for application in specific scenarios.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can attract interest, especially in a competitive market. However, the data entropy being medium suggests that the data may not be particularly unique or high-quality, and the short data life indicates it may not be sustainable in the long term. Given the market rating of 0.3, there is some demand, but overall, the product's value is limited due to the short lifespan and medium data quality. Thus, a price of 1500 reflects a reasonable valuation considering these factors.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1655.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, which positions the product attractively in a competitive market. While the data's medium quality and short life do temper its long-term value, the current demand justifies a higher starting point.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The performance improvement of 0.3 is indeed appealing, but the medium data quality and short life limit its long-term value. Therefore, I believe a lower price reflects a more accurate valuation of this data product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects the current demand while still considering the product's medium data quality and short life. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the potential value without overstating its long-term benefits.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's concerns about the product's medium data quality and short life while still reflecting my assessment of its current demand and potential value. This offer is a step closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1660. The current demand is still present, and while I acknowledge the buyer's concerns regarding the product¡¯s medium quality and short lifespan, I believe this price reflects a fair balance between those factors and the market conditions.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1650. Given the medium quality and short lifespan of the product, this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my concerns about long-term value.