Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': "The product has sufficient capacity and a market rating of 0.4, indicating some demand. However, the numerous NULL traits suggest a lack of detailed understanding of the product's performance and capabilities, which limits its potential value.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which could be attractive in a competitive market. However, the medium data entropy and short data life suggest limited longevity and potential reliability concerns. The market score of 0.4 indicates there is some demand, but it's not very strong. Overall, these factors balance out to a moderate expected price.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2025.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 3000. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement, as well as the potential demand in the market, despite some concerns regarding data longevity and reliability. I believe this is a fair starting point for our negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1800. The product has some potential, but the numerous NULL traits and concerns about data longevity and reliability significantly impact its value. I believe my offer reflects a fair starting point for our negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects the moderate performance improvement and market demand that you mentioned, while still considering the concerns I have about the NULL traits and data longevity that impact the overall value. Let's work towards a fair agreement.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2400. I believe this price strikes a balance between the moderate performance improvements you've acknowledged and my reservations around the NULL traits and data longevity. It's a fair compromise that reflects the value I see in the data while addressing your concerns. Let's move towards a successful agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2450. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between the concerns over NULL traits and data longevity while still acknowledging the moderate performance improvements and market demand that have been discussed. Let's move forward with this negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2400. I believe this price is a balanced reflection of the moderate performance improvements while still addressing the concerns regarding NULL traits and data longevity. Let's continue to negotiate towards a beneficial agreement for both sides.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2400. This price reflects the balance between the moderate performance improvements and the ongoing concerns about NULL traits and data longevity. I believe this is a fair value for both parties considering the current market conditions.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2300. This price recognizes the seller's previous offer of 2400 while attempting to find a more favorable position for my side, considering the ongoing concerns about NULL traits and data longevity. I believe this revised offer reflects a fair compromise while still valuing the product appropriately in the current market context.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2350. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing concerns about NULL traits and data longevity while still acknowledging the moderate performance improvements and market demand.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2250. This price reflects my assessment of the product¡¯s value while considering the ongoing concerns regarding NULL traits and data longevity, as well as the moderate performance improvements and market demand. I believe this offer is a fair compromise that recognizes the value but also addresses the risks involved.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2300. This price reflects my ongoing assessment of the product's value, taking into account the persistent concerns regarding NULL traits and data longevity while considering the buyer's previous offers. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges these factors.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2200. This price reflects my willingness to bridge the gap while still addressing the concerns about NULL traits and data longevity. I believe this offer strikes a fair balance between the value of the product and the ongoing discussions we've had. Let's move towards a resolution that benefits both parties.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2250. I believe this price reflects a fair consideration of the product's value, addressing the ongoing concerns about NULL traits and data longevity while still recognizing the market demand for the data.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2150. This price is a strategic adjustment, reflecting my understanding of the product's value amidst the persistent concerns regarding NULL traits and data longevity, while still acknowledging the seller's perspective on market demand. It¡¯s a balanced offer aimed at moving closer to a deal.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2100. Given the ongoing concerns about NULL traits and data longevity, this price reflects a reasonable compromise while still acknowledging the value of the product in the current market context.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2000. This price recognizes the seller's concerns about NULL traits and data longevity while still valuing the product fairly in the current market context. It represents a solid compromise that moves closer to the seller's expectations without exceeding the reasonable threshold.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 2050. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the ongoing concerns about NULL traits and data longevity while still acknowledging the market demand. It positions us closer to an agreement, allowing both parties to feel they have made a fair deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing concerns about NULL traits and data longevity, while also recognizing the market demand. This offer positions us closer to a resolution, allowing us both to feel satisfied with the negotiation.