Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity to be useful, but the short data life and lack of information on other traits suggest limited long-term value. The market rating of 0.4 indicates moderate demand, which supports a lower price point.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in model performance, which can be valuable in a competitive market. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle a reasonable amount of data. However, the medium data entropy and short data life reduce the long-term viability of the product, while a market score of 0.4 indicates moderate demand. Overall, these factors lead to a modest valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1462.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in model performance and the reasonable capacity of the product, which are valuable in a competitive market. While there are some limitations due to medium data entropy and short data life, I believe the market score indicates a demand that justifies this price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. The product's limited long-term value, coupled with its short data life and moderate market rating, suggests a lower price point is more appropriate. I believe this offer reflects the true value of the data product in the current market context.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects a balance between recognizing the moderate performance enhancement and current market demand while still considering the product's limitations in long-term value.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1500. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my concerns about the product's long-term value and limitations. It's a fair compromise that respects both parties' perspectives.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1550. This price reflects a balanced assessment of the product's performance enhancement capabilities while considering its limitations and market demand. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the product's value without overestimating its long-term potential.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1500. This price represents a reasonable compromise, taking into account the product's performance enhancement capabilities and its limitations in long-term value. I believe it aligns well with the market demand while ensuring both parties feel satisfied with the deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects a balanced assessment of the product's moderate performance enhancement and current market demand, while still acknowledging its limitations. Let's find a compromise that works for both of us.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1500. This price acknowledges the seller's previous offer while still reflecting my concerns regarding the product's limitations and its overall value. I believe this is a reasonable price that can facilitate a productive negotiation moving forward.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1500. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's moderate performance enhancement and the market demand while also taking into account its limitations. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the value of the product and the concerns about its long-term utility.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1450. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the seller's concerns regarding the product's limitations while still recognizing its moderate performance. I believe this is a reasonable offer that encourages a productive negotiation and addresses both parties' needs.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1500. I believe this price reflects a balanced assessment of the product's moderate performance and market demand while acknowledging the concerns about its limitations. Let's find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1450. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the product's moderate performance and the ongoing concerns about its limitations. It reflects my willingness to engage while recognizing the seller's position, and I hope we can reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1475. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, balancing the product's moderate performance and the ongoing market demand while acknowledging its limitations. Let's move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1450. I believe this price represents a fair compromise, reflecting my continued assessment of the product's moderate performance while accounting for its limitations. It positions us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement, allowing us to move forward in this negotiation effectively.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1475. This price strikes a balance between the product's moderate performance and the market demand while acknowledging both our positions. It's a fair compromise that reflects the value the product can provide without undervaluing its potential.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1450. This price reflects a reasonable compromise while still acknowledging the product's moderate performance and the market demand. It aligns closely with previous discussions and ensures we are moving towards a mutually beneficial agreement. Let's work together to finalize this deal.