Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has a medium level of data entropy and sufficient capacity, which suggests it may have a reasonable utility in certain markets. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement and data life limits its attractiveness. The market score of 0.4 indicates a relatively low demand, which also affects the price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 and a market score of 0.4, indicating there is some demand. However, the data life is short, which could limit its longevity in the market. The medium data entropy suggests that the data is reasonably complex but not overly so. The absence of historical data limits the confidence in the valuation, but the other traits provide a foundation for a moderate price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1375.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2000. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 and a decent market score of 0.4, indicating a reasonable demand for this data product. The complexity is manageable with medium data entropy, and despite the short data life, I believe the value justifies this starting price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. While I acknowledge the seller's perspective on model performance and market score, the data product's medium data entropy and limited market demand lead me to believe a lower price is more appropriate. I am keen to find common ground and reach a deal.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. I believe this price better reflects the value of the data product, considering the moderate model performance and the current market demand. It strikes a balance between our previous discussions and allows us to move forward in this deal.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between our previous discussions and the current market dynamics. While I acknowledge the seller's points about moderate model performance, I still see some room for negotiation that recognizes the value of the data product while remaining mindful of budget constraints.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1550. This price reflects the balance between the product's value given its moderate performance and the current market demand, while also acknowledging the budget constraints we've discussed.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, reflecting the product's moderate performance and the current market demand, while also aligning with the budget constraints we have discussed previously.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1525. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, taking into account the moderate model performance and the market demand while still recognizing the product's value. It¡¯s a reasonable step forward in our negotiation.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price fairly reflects the value of the data product given its moderate performance and aligns with our previous discussions. It also respects both our budget constraints and the current market dynamics, making it a pragmatic choice to reach an agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1500. This price reflects a fair balance between the product's moderate performance and the budget constraints we've discussed, while still acknowledging the market demand. Let's find a resolution that works for both of us.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1450. This price demonstrates my willingness to negotiate while still considering the product's moderate performance and the current market dynamics. I believe it strikes a fair balance that acknowledges both our positions. Let's move closer to a resolution.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1475. This price takes into account the buyer's position while still reflecting the value of the data product amidst the moderate performance and market demand we've discussed. I'm aiming for a constructive compromise that acknowledges both our interests.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1450. This price reflects my understanding of the current market dynamics and acknowledges the seller's position, while still ensuring I remain within my budget constraints. I believe it's a reasonable compromise that considers the moderate performance and market demand we've discussed.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1450. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the current market conditions. It acknowledges both the product's value and the buyer's budget constraints while remaining competitive.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1400. I believe this price reflects my budget constraints while still acknowledging the product's value. I want to ensure we're moving towards a mutually beneficial agreement as we continue these negotiations.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1400. I believe this price reflects the current market dynamics and budget constraints while still valuing the product appropriately. Let's find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1350. This price reflects my commitment to find a middle ground while still recognizing the value of the product and the current market conditions. I believe this offer can lead us towards a mutually beneficial agreement.