Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '500', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and medium data entropy, suggesting it can handle a reasonable volume of data and complexity. However, the short data life and the presence of NULL traits limit its long-term viability and performance improvement potential, lowering its value in the market. The market score of 0.4 indicates a weak demand, further justifying a lower price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which is beneficial for users seeking efficiency. The market score of 0.4 suggests there is some demand for this product, though it is not exceptionally high. However, the data life being short could limit longevity and repeat usage. The medium data entropy indicates a balanced level of complexity, which may appeal to certain customers. Overall, while there are some positive traits, the limitations in data life and the presence of NULL in the history reduce confidence.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:505.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement and the existing demand in the market, despite the limitations in data life. I believe this price accurately represents the value of the product to potential users seeking efficiency and balanced complexity.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 400. The offered price of 1800 significantly exceeds my valuation based on the product's medium data entropy, short data life, and weak market demand. I believe my offer reflects a more realistic assessment of the current market dynamics and the product's limitations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 700. I believe this price reflects a more realistic valuation based on the product's features and current market conditions, while still providing you with a significant opportunity to benefit from it.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 600. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, considering the seller's recent offer and the overall valuation of the product. It acknowledges the potential of the product while remaining within a reasonable range based on the current negotiations.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 700. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the buyer's previous offer and the value of the product, considering the current market conditions and limitations.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 600. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between our previous negotiations and accurately reflects the value of the product while remaining within a competitive range.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 650. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the buyer's last offer and the value of the product, acknowledging the negotiation dynamics while still reflecting its worth in the current market.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 600. This price reflects my continued belief in the product's value while maintaining a realistic approach based on our previous negotiations. It aligns with the previous offers and is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's position while aiming to finalize the deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 600. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise based on our previous discussions, considering the current market conditions and the product's value. Let's move forward with this offer.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 550. I believe this price is a fair reflection of our ongoing negotiations and the product's value in the current market. It demonstrates my willingness to move closer to your expectations while still respecting my budget constraints. Let's continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 550. This price reflects a reasonable compromise based on our previous negotiations and the current market conditions, while still valuing the product appropriately. Let's move forward with this offer.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 500. This price represents a fair adjustment based on our ongoing discussions and previous offers, while still acknowledging the value of the product. I'm eager to reach an agreement that satisfies both parties.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 510. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the buyer's previous offer and the current market conditions. It stays within a reasonable range while acknowledging the value of the product.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 500. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise, reflecting our previous discussions and the current market conditions. It shows my willingness to meet the seller halfway while still acknowledging the value of the product.