Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': "Given that the product has a sufficient capacity and a market score of 0.5, it indicates some level of demand. However, the numerous NULL traits suggest a lack of comprehensive information about the product's performance and potential, which limits its overall desirability. The moderate expected price reflects this balance between demand and uncertainty.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has a Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, which suggests a moderate improvement in performance, and a medium data entropy indicates reasonable reliability of the data. However, the short data life and lack of historical data may limit its long-term value. The market score of 0.5 indicates a moderate demand, which supports a moderate pricing strategy.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1625.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2000. This price reflects the product's strong model performance improvement and reasonable reliability, which enhances its value despite the short data life and moderate market demand.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1900. While I recognize the product's strong model performance and reliability, the short data life and moderate market demand lead me to propose a price that reflects the uncertainties surrounding its overall value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1950. The strong performance and reliability of my data product justify a slightly higher price than the buyer's last offer, but I'm willing to negotiate to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1850. The seller's current offer is reasonable, but I believe there's still room for negotiation, especially considering my previous concerns about the data product's short life and moderate market demand. This price reflects my appreciation for the product's strengths while still addressing my reservations.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1900. The product's strong performance and reliability make it a valuable asset, and I believe this price reflects both its worth and the current market dynamics.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1800. The product has strong performance, but I still have concerns regarding its short data life and the moderate market demand. This price reflects my willingness to negotiate while acknowledging the product's value.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1850. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the buyer's concerns regarding the short data life and moderate market demand, while still valuing the product's strong performance and reliability. Let's find a middle ground that benefits both parties.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1750. I believe this price better reflects the current market conditions and the product's attributes while still keeping the potential for a beneficial agreement for both of us. Let's work towards a deal that recognizes the value while addressing concerns.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the product's solid performance and reliability while considering the current market conditions and the buyer's previous concerns about data life and demand. Let's find a middle ground that benefits us both.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1700. The product's performance is acknowledged, but I still have reservations about its data life and the overall market demand. This price is a reasonable compromise that reflects my concerns while also recognizing the value of the product. Let's work towards a beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects the current market conditions while still recognizing the value of the product. It¡¯s a competitive offer that balances performance and demand concerns.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price accurately reflects my continued concerns regarding the product's short data life and moderate market demand while still acknowledging its reliable performance. This offer is competitive and aims to move us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1700. The product has proven its strong performance and reliability, and while the market conditions are challenging, this price reflects the value it provides.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price effectively balances the ongoing concerns regarding market demand and the product's short data life, while still recognizing its performance and reliability. This adjustment aims to facilitate a swift resolution as we move forward in negotiations.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects the product's solid performance and reliability while also considering the challenging market conditions we've discussed. It's a fair compromise that can lead us to a successful agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price is a reasonable reflection of the ongoing market challenges and the product's value while still recognizing the seller's concerns about performance and reliability. This offer should facilitate a swift resolution that benefits both parties.