Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity and medium data entropy, indicating it can handle a reasonable amount of data with a decent level of variability. However, the lack of information regarding model performance improvement, data life, history, and market limits the confidence in the valuation. Despite this, the existing traits suggest a basic utility that could justify a moderate price.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a modest enhancement in performance, which can be attractive in a competitive market. However, the medium data entropy and short data life suggest that while the product is capable, it may not be sustainable in the long term. The market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand. Therefore, the product has potential value, but its short data life limits its long-term usability, justifying a mid-range price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2075.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects the product's modest performance enhancement and its potential value in a competitive market, despite its medium data entropy and short data life. I believe this price positions us well for a beneficial negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2000. The seller's price of 2500 seems low considering the product's modest performance and medium data entropy. I believe 2000 reflects a fairer valuation for the product, given the uncertainties regarding data life and market performance. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2400. This price reflects a balanced approach, acknowledging the product's potential while addressing the buyer's concerns about its modest performance and market uncertainties. I believe this offer represents a fair compromise that could benefit both parties.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2300. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the seller's recent offer while still considering the product's modest performance and market uncertainties. It's a reasonable step towards a mutual agreement that respects both parties' interests.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2350. This price reflects a balanced approach considering the product's potential and the buyer's previous offers. It acknowledges the need for a fair compromise while also valuing the unique qualities of the product. Let's move closer to an agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2250. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between our previous discussions and reflects my understanding of the product's potential while still acknowledging the seller's position. Let's work towards a satisfactory agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2300. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the previous discussions and the product's potential in the market. It allows us to move forward while acknowledging the uncertainties we both recognize.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2200. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between our discussions and the product's potential, while also addressing the uncertainties we've acknowledged. It allows us to progress towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2250. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's current market potential and the need for a reasonable compromise that acknowledges both parties' perspectives.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2200. This price reflects my continued commitment to reaching a fair agreement, acknowledging the seller's perspective while still aiming for a reasonable outcome that recognizes the product's potential.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2200. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing discussions and acknowledges the need for mutual benefit in our negotiations. Let's aim to finalize a deal that satisfies both parties.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2150. This price reflects my commitment to finding a middle ground while still recognizing the product's potential and market conditions. I believe this offer brings us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2150. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the buyer's recent offer and the product's potential, while still acknowledging its current market uncertainties. Let's aim for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2100. I believe this price is a reasonable step towards closing the deal, reflecting my confidence in the product while still considering the seller's position. Let's work together to finalize this mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2100. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the recent negotiations and the product's potential in the market. It¡¯s a solid step towards finalizing our agreement while acknowledging both parties' interests.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2050. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between our previous discussions and reflects the product's potential, while also acknowledging the seller's recent offer. This approach demonstrates my willingness to reach a mutually beneficial agreement in these final rounds.