Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_entrophy': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product lacks critical information regarding its performance, capacity, and market position, making it difficult to assess its value accurately. However, there is still a minimal baseline value due to the potential application of data products in various industries, leading to a conservative estimate.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The MPI of 0.25 indicates a moderate improvement in model performance, which can be valuable to potential users. However, the data life being medium suggests a limited longevity for the product. The market rating of 0.4 indicates that there is some demand, but not overwhelmingly high. Given the combination of these factors, the expected price reflects a fair market valuation, but the NULL traits limit overall confidence.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 7000. This price reflects the data product's moderate improvement in model performance, which can significantly benefit potential users, despite the medium data life and average market demand. I believe this price is justified given the value it can provide.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4500. This price reflects my concerns about the critical information gaps in the product regarding its performance, capacity, and market position, which limits its overall value. While I recognize its potential applications, I believe this offer is a fair starting point for our negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the moderate improvements in model performance while also recognizing the critical information gaps noted by the other analyst. It captures the potential user benefits without overestimating the current value of the product.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5500. This price reflects a more optimistic view of the model's potential while still acknowledging the critical information gaps that have been highlighted. It's a fair midpoint that recognizes both the improvements and the limitations, and I believe it sets a reasonable foundation for further negotiation.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5800. Given the balance between the moderate performance improvements and the critical information gaps, I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges both the advancements and the limitations of the product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price strikes a balance between the earlier offers while acknowledging the moderate performance improvements and the critical information gaps that have been highlighted. This adjustment reflects my confidence in the product's potential while being mindful of its limitations.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5900. I believe this price reflects a fair balance, recognizing the moderate improvements in model performance while still addressing the critical information gaps highlighted in our discussions. This amount positions us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement as we move forward.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5800. I believe this price captures a fair assessment of the model's moderate improvements while still recognizing the critical information gaps that exist. It positions us well for a constructive dialogue as we work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the moderate improvements I've seen in the model's performance while also acknowledging the critical information gaps that have been pointed out. I believe this amount strikes a fair balance between the potential of the product and the existing limitations, paving the way for a constructive negotiation.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5850. This price reflects a thoughtful consideration of the moderate improvements in the model's performance while still recognizing the critical information gaps that have been mentioned. I believe it effectively balances the product's potential with its limitations, facilitating a productive dialogue moving forward.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5950. I believe this price reflects a balanced view of the product's moderate performance improvements while still acknowledging the critical information gaps that exist. It positions us for a fair negotiation and encourages constructive dialogue moving forward.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5900. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between acknowledging the moderate performance improvements and the critical information gaps that we¡¯ve discussed. It reflects my confidence in the product's potential while also ensuring that we remain within a reasonable range for negotiation.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5900. This price reflects a strong balance between the product's moderate performance improvements and the existing information gaps. It acknowledges the potential benefits while remaining competitive in the current negotiation landscape.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5950. This price reflects a solid acknowledgment of the moderate performance improvements while still considering the critical information gaps. It fosters a constructive dialogue and demonstrates my confidence in reaching a fair agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5900. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the model's moderate performance improvements and the critical information gaps that we've discussed. It provides a reasonable foundation for a constructive negotiation, allowing both parties to feel confident in the value being exchanged.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 6000. I believe this price reflects a reasonable acknowledgment of the model's moderate performance improvements while still addressing the critical information gaps we've discussed. It strikes a fair balance that should encourage both parties to find common ground as we approach the final stages of this negotiation.