Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': "The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a reasonable enhancement in performance, which is a positive trait. However, the market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand, which could limit the potential price. The absence of data entropy, data life, and history traits creates uncertainty, impacting confidence in the valuation. Therefore, while there's value, the lack of comprehensive data prevents a higher price.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 suggests a moderate enhancement in performance, while the medium data entropy indicates a reasonable level of complexity in the data. However, the short data life and lack of historical data limit long-term value. The market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand, which supports a reasonable price point.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1720.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement, as well as the reasonable complexity of the data. Given the current market conditions and demand, I believe this price represents a strong value for the product.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. The Model Performance Improvement indicates some enhancement, but considering the moderate market score and the lack of comprehensive data traits, I believe this price better reflects the current value and potential risks associated with the product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's value and the current market conditions while still acknowledging the buyer's interest. Let's find common ground here.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1725. This price strikes a fair balance between the value of the product and my budget considerations, while remaining competitive in light of the seller's last offer. Let's continue working towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects a solid balance between the product's value and the current market conditions, while also taking into account the moderate performance enhancements. I believe this offer is fair and aligns well with our previous discussions.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1720. I believe this price offers a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the seller's previous offer while still considering the product's value and performance enhancements. It keeps us moving towards a deal without overextending beyond my budget.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1730. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, taking into account the buyer's previous offers and the current market conditions. It balances the value of the product with the associated risks, while still aiming to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1710. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between the seller's latest offer and my previous bids, reflecting the value of the product while acknowledging the need to reach an agreement that works for both parties.