Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) score of 0.3 indicates a decent level of performance enhancement over existing models, which can be appealing to potential users. However, the short data life and the absence of several other traits limit the overall value. Given that the market and history traits are also not available, this suggests uncertainty in the product's long-term viability and demand. Therefore, a moderate price is set to reflect the potential benefits while accounting for the lack of comprehensive data.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate increase in performance, which can attract interest, especially in a market with a rating of 0.5. However, the data life is short and the data entropy is medium, which may limit the product's longevity and reliability. The absence of historical data adds uncertainty. Overall, the product has potential but lacks some critical traits for higher valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:7075.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 8000. This price reflects the potential of the data product with its moderate Model Performance Improvement and the interest it can attract in the market. While I recognize some limitations, the value is justified by the potential applications and insights it can provide.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. This price reflects my assessment of the data product's value, considering its decent Model Performance Improvement but also accounting for the limitations in data life and the absence of certain traits. I believe this offer represents a fair starting point for our negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 7500. This price reflects the substantial value of the data product, considering its potential and the feedback from the buyer about its limitations. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the quality of the product and the buyer's concerns.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 7200. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the product's potential value while still considering the limitations that have been discussed. It's a reasonable step towards finalizing this deal.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 7400. This price reflects a fair compromise between the value of the data product and the buyer's previous offer of 7200, while still acknowledging its unique potential. Let's move forward and finalize this deal.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 7300. This price represents a reasonable step towards a mutually beneficial agreement, reflecting the value of the data product while still being mindful of its limitations. Let's work together to finalize this deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 7350. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while recognizing the buyer's previous offer of 7300. It's a competitive and fair compromise that should lead us closer to a deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 7250. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the seller's position and my previous offer. It reflects my assessment of the product's value while still aiming for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 7300. This price reflects a reasonable value for the data product, acknowledging the buyer's previous offer while maintaining a sense of fairness in our negotiations. Let's find common ground and move closer to a deal.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 7200. This price reflects my continued commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement while acknowledging the seller's latest offer. I believe this is a competitive price that considers both the product's value and my budget constraints. Let's work together to finalize this deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 7250. This price reflects a fair compromise, considering the buyer's last offer of 7200 and the need to acknowledge both the product's value and the buyer's budget constraints. I believe this is a reasonable step towards finalizing a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 7200. This price aligns with my previous offers and acknowledges the seller's current offer while aiming for a balanced agreement. I believe this is a reasonable position as we move towards finalizing the deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 7250. This price reflects a fair compromise given the buyer's last offer of 7200 while recognizing the inherent value of the data product. It's a reasonable step towards a mutually beneficial agreement that acknowledges both parties¡¯ perspectives.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 7200. This price maintains a consistent position from my previous offers while recognizing the seller's latest offer of 7250. It reflects my commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement while staying within my budget constraints.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 7200. This price reflects my willingness to reach a mutually beneficial agreement while acknowledging the buyer's constraints and previous offers. Let's move closer to finalizing this deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 7100. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the value of the product and my budget constraints. It also reflects a willingness to move closer to an agreement while remaining within a reasonable range of the seller's last offer. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 7150. This price reflects a balanced assessment of the product's value while considering the buyer's last offer of 7100. I believe this is a reasonable step towards reaching an agreement that acknowledges both the potential of the product and the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 7050. I believe this price is a fair and reasonable compromise, reflecting my ongoing assessment of the product's value while still considering my budget constraints. This offer aims to keep the dialogue open and move us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 7100. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's value and the buyer's budget constraints, considering our previous negotiations and the need to reach a mutually beneficial agreement in this final round.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 7050. I believe this price is a reasonable step that acknowledges the seller's offer while still respecting my budget constraints. It reflects my assessment of the value of the product and aims for a fair resolution as we conclude our negotiations.