Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3 and has a medium data entropy, suggesting it has some valuable insights. However, the short data life and lack of historical data limit its long-term usability and reliability. The market demand is moderate (0.5), indicating there is some interest but not overwhelming. This suggests a reasonable price reflecting both its potential and limitations.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 suggests that the product has a moderate level of effectiveness, which can attract interest in a market with a value of 0.5. However, the short data life and medium data entropy indicate limitations in longevity and reliability, slightly reducing the overall value. Still, the adequate capacity suggests it can handle demand reasonably well. Thus, the expected price reflects a balance of these factors within a market context.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:5125.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the unique value of the data product, showcasing its moderate effectiveness and capacity to meet market demand, while also considering its limitations in longevity and reliability.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. While the data product shows some potential with a moderate model performance improvement, its limitations in data life and historical usability significantly impact its long-term value. My offer reflects the need for a more reasonable price considering these factors.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this adjusted price reflects the unique value and moderate effectiveness of the data product while still being within a reasonable range for negotiation.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5400. This price acknowledges the seller's adjusted offer while still reflecting my concerns regarding the data product's limitations in longevity and usability. I'm confident this is a fair step towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5500. This reflects the unique value and moderate effectiveness of the data product while still addressing the buyer's concerns about its longevity and usability. I'm confident this is a fair price that recognizes the product's worth.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5400. This reflects my recognition of the product's unique value and moderate effectiveness while still considering its limitations in longevity and usability. I'm committed to reaching a fair agreement that acknowledges the product's worth without overextending my budget.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5450. I believe this price reflects the unique value of the data product while also considering the buyer's budget constraints. This is a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's worth and its effectiveness. Let's move forward!
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the product's value while still taking into account my budget constraints. This offer reflects my willingness to engage further in this negotiation and find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5400. This price reflects the unique value of the data product while being mindful of the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's budget constraints. I'm confident this is a fair compromise that highlights the product's worth.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5300. This price takes into consideration the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my budget constraints. I believe it maintains a fair value for the product and allows us to continue progressing towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5350. This price reflects the unique value of the data product while also considering the buyer's budget constraints. It¡¯s a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's worth while facilitating a potential agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5250. This price acknowledges the unique value of the data product while still keeping in mind my budget constraints. I believe this offer is reasonable and reflects a fair compromise for both parties to move towards a deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5300. This price reflects the unique value of the data product while still considering the budget constraints we've discussed. It's a fair compromise that recognizes the quality of the offering and aims to facilitate a successful deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5200. This price acknowledges the seller's previous offer while still reflecting my budget constraints. It's a reasonable step towards finding common ground and facilitates a fruitful negotiation.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5250. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the unique value of the data product and the ongoing negotiations. This offer aims to facilitate a mutually beneficial agreement while acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5150. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the value of the data product while still respecting my budget constraints. It's a fair offer that encourages us to move closer to an agreement, considering the context of our ongoing negotiations.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5200. This price reflects the unique value of the data product while also considering our previous negotiations. It's a fair and reasonable compromise that can facilitate a successful agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5100. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the unique value of the data product while still addressing my budget constraints. It's a reasonable compromise that can lead us toward a successful agreement.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5150. This price reflects the unique value of the data product while acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints, aiming for a final agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5100. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's latest offer while still reflecting my budget constraints. It allows us to move forward towards an agreement that recognizes the product's value without exceeding my limits.