Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity, which indicates it can handle a reasonable amount of data, and the market value is 0.3, suggesting some level of interest or competition in the market. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement, data entropy, data life, and history limits the ability to assess its full potential. Thus, a moderate price reflects the uncertainty.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate level of enhancement that can attract interest from users looking for improved performance. Although the market attractiveness is also at 0.3, the medium data entropy and life suggest a stable, albeit not extraordinary, data product. The lack of historical data is a drawback, but the existing traits still show potential for value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1607.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate level of enhancement indicated by the Model Performance Improvement and the potential value of the data product despite its drawbacks. I believe this price is justified given the unique advantages it offers to users seeking improved performance.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. The current offer of 1800 is significantly above my valuation, considering the uncertainties surrounding the model's performance and the overall potential of the data product. I believe my offer reflects a more reasonable assessment of the product given its limitations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects the value of the model's performance enhancements while considering the unique advantages it brings to the table, making it a fair proposition for both sides.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price acknowledges the enhancements and advantages presented, while still reflecting my assessment of the product's overall value. It strikes a balance that I believe is equitable for both parties involved.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the model's performance enhancements while also addressing the product's inherent limitations. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the buyer's interest while maintaining value for both parties.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price reflects my confidence in the model¡¯s performance enhancements while also acknowledging the seller's assessment of its limitations. I believe this proposal strikes a fair balance, allowing both parties to benefit from the deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1625. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the enhancements the buyer sees in the model and the limitations that are still present. It's an attractive offer that reflects the true value of the product while being reasonable enough for both parties to consider.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price recognizes the product's enhancements while also considering the limitations that have been discussed. It's a fair offer that reflects my confidence in the model's value and aims for a constructive compromise.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1610. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between the enhancements and limitations of the model while still acknowledging its value in the market. It's a balanced approach that can lead us to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1605. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between the enhancements of the model and its existing limitations. It's a step towards a fair agreement that recognizes the model's value while still being mindful of budget constraints.