Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The data product has sufficient capacity and a medium data life, which suggests it can support ongoing use and provide value over time. However, the NULL traits limit confidence in the overall performance and market potential, leading to a moderate price expectation.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates it could enhance existing systems to a reasonable extent. The capacity is adequate, suggesting it can handle current demands. However, the medium data entropy and medium data life imply that while the data is somewhat stable, it might not be as reliable in the long term. The market score of 0.3 indicates there is some demand, but it's not exceptionally high. Overall, these factors balance out to a moderate valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the adequate capacity of the data product, which can significantly enhance existing systems. While I recognize the medium data entropy and life, the value this product can bring justifies a higher initial offer.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4900. This price reflects my cautious optimism about the data product's capacity and potential, while also acknowledging the limitations due to its NULL traits. I believe this offer aligns more closely with the overall value I perceive.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects the product's value while acknowledging the buyer's previous offer. It's a reasonable middle ground that takes into account the performance improvements and the limitations we've discussed.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between recognizing the seller's current offer and my earlier bid, while still reflecting the product's value and performance improvements. It shows my willingness to negotiate and move closer to an agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price represents a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the product's enhancements while still being mindful of its limitations. It reflects a balance between our previous discussions and aims to move the negotiation forward.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5400. This price strikes a balance between our previous discussions and reflects the reasonable value of the product, considering both its enhancements and limitations. It allows us to move forward in a constructive manner while remaining aligned with the seller's latest offer.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5450. I believe this price reflects the value of the product while also recognizing the buyer's willingness to negotiate. It¡¯s a fair step forward that acknowledges the enhancements made while maintaining a solid stance on the product's worth.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price represents a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the enhancements while still being mindful of the negotiation dynamics we've established. It reflects my willingness to move closer to the seller's position while ensuring that I don't exceed my budget constraints.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5400. This price acknowledges the buyer's last offer while maintaining the product's value and the enhancements we've discussed. It's a reasonable midpoint that reflects the quality of the product and opens the door for us to reach an agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the product's enhancements and acknowledges the seller's latest offer. It keeps us moving toward a mutually beneficial agreement while staying within my budget constraints.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5350. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between acknowledging the product's value and the buyer's budget constraints. It reflects a slight adjustment while still recognizing the enhancements we've discussed in previous rounds.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5250. This price reflects my continued recognition of the product's enhancements while also remaining mindful of my budget constraints. I'm aiming for a solution that acknowledges the value while being fair and reasonable for both parties.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5300. This price reflects a solid compromise considering the ongoing discussions and the buyer's last offer of 5250, which shows we are very close in our valuations. Let's make this deal happen!
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5200. I believe this price reflects our ongoing negotiations and acknowledges the seller's last offer while staying within my budget constraints. Let's find a resolution that works for both of us!
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5250. This price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the buyer's last offer of 5200 while also acknowledging the value of the product. I'm confident this is a fair price that respects both parties' positions and encourages a successful conclusion to our negotiation.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5150. I believe this price reflects my continued commitment to reaching an agreement while also considering the seller's previous offer of 5250. It acknowledges the value of the product while remaining within my budget constraints.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5200. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's value and the buyer's previous offer, while still allowing room for negotiation in these final rounds.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5100. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the seller's current offer of 5200 and my budget constraints. It acknowledges the product's value while leaving room for a final negotiation, as we approach the end of this deal.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5150. This price reflects a fair compromise considering our previous discussions and acknowledges the buyer's recent offer, while still valuing the product appropriately. Let's close this deal!
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5050. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's position while still considering my budget. It's a fair step forward to facilitate closing this deal amicably.