Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which, combined with a sufficient capacity and a market demand rating of 0.3, suggests a reasonable value. However, the presence of multiple NULL traits indicates limitations in the product's overall data quality and usability, which restrains the price.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '8000', 'reason': 'The product has a Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating a significant enhancement in performance. Additionally, the low data entropy suggests that the data is reliable and consistent, which adds value. The long data life indicates that the product is sustainable over time. However, the NULL history trait implies a lack of historical performance data, which could affect confidence in the valuation. The capacity being "enough" is a positive trait, suggesting that the product can handle required workloads. Considering the current market demand of 0.3, the expected price reflects these traits while accounting for the uncertainty from the NULL history.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 9000. This price reflects the outstanding Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, indicating significant performance enhancements, as well as the reliability and consistency suggested by the low data entropy. Additionally, the sustainable long data life adds to the product¡¯s value, despite the uncertainty from the NULL history trait. I believe this price captures the exceptional quality of the data product.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. While I acknowledge the seller's emphasis on the product's Model Performance Improvement and reliability, the presence of multiple NULL traits indicates limitations in quality, which significantly affects the value. Therefore, I believe 4000 is a fair starting point for this negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 4500. The previous offer of 4000 was too low considering the product's potential, but I am willing to negotiate closer to a fair value that reflects its performance improvements.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4400. I believe this price reflects a fair balance considering the product's potential, while still being mindful of the quality limitations previously mentioned. Let's work towards an agreement that acknowledges the improvements while staying within a reasonable range.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 4400. This price reflects a fair valuation considering the product's potential while acknowledging its quality limitations. Let's find a balanced agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 4300. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between the product¡¯s potential and the quality concerns raised. It reflects my continued interest in reaching an agreement while valuing the product appropriately.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 4400. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's potential while still considering its quality limitations. It aligns well with the buyer's previous offer and allows us to move forward with the deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 4300. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, taking into account the potential of the product while considering the quality limitations mentioned. This offer allows us to find common ground and move forward in the negotiation.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 4400. This price reflects a fair assessment of the product's potential while considering its quality limitations. I'm confident that this is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges both the product's capabilities and its challenges.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4300. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's assessment of the product's potential while also considering the quality limitations that have been highlighted. It's a reasonable compromise that reflects my continued interest in reaching an agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 4400. This price reflects the balance between the product's potential and the quality limitations we've discussed. It's a fair assessment that acknowledges the improvements while still considering the concerns. Let's reach an agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4300. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the product's potential while still acknowledging the quality limitations we've discussed. It's a fair offer that aims to move us closer to an agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4400. This price reflects the product's potential while still considering its quality limitations, and it seems to be a fair balance based on our previous discussions.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4300. I believe this price strikes a fair balance considering the product's potential while still acknowledging the quality limitations. It reflects my continued commitment to finding common ground in our negotiations, while also being reasonable given our previous discussions.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4300. This price reflects a reasonable compromise given the ongoing discussions about the product's potential and quality limitations. I believe it balances the value perceived by both parties while acknowledging the constraints we've discussed.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4200. I believe this is a fair compromise, taking into account the ongoing quality concerns and the need to find a mutually agreeable price that reflects the product's potential without overstepping the limitations we've discussed. Let's work towards reaching a deal that satisfies both parties.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 4200. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing discussions about the product's potential and quality limitations. It's a reasonable step towards reaching an agreement as we move closer to finalizing the deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 4100. I believe this price is a reasonable adjustment considering the seller's latest offer and reflects my continued interest in securing the product while acknowledging its quality limitations. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 4100. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the ongoing negotiations and the value of the product despite its quality limitations. I believe it's a reasonable compromise that aligns with both our interests.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 4000. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's current value and acknowledges the quality limitations we've discussed. It¡¯s a solid offer that respects the ongoing negotiations while considering the overall context of our deal.