Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity and a medium level of data entropy, which indicates that it can handle a reasonable amount of data and has some variability. However, the NULL traits suggest limited information regarding its overall effectiveness and historical performance, leading to a cautious valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a decent enhancement in performance, which can attract interest. The medium data entropy and data life suggest that the data product is stable and has reasonable longevity. However, the history being NULL indicates a lack of proven track record, which slightly lowers the confidence in the product's reliability. The market score of 0.3 indicates a moderate demand, reinforcing a cautious but positive valuation.", 'confidence': 'moderate'}
Deal Price:2025.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects the significant value of the data product, given its decent enhancement in performance and reasonable longevity. The market demand, while moderate, indicates that there is interest in acquiring this data. I believe this price is justified based on the potential benefits it can provide.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2000. While I acknowledge the seller's perspective on the value of the data product, I believe my offer reflects a more cautious approach given the limited information regarding its overall effectiveness and historical performance.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2400.0. This price reflects the significant value and potential benefits of the data product while also considering your cautious stance. I'm confident that this amount represents a fair compromise for both parties.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2300. This price takes into account the seller's previous offer while still reflecting my cautious approach. I believe this amount strikes a balance between recognizing the value of the data product and my need for prudent investment.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2350. This price reflects the value of the data product while also accommodating the buyer's cautious approach. It¡¯s a fair compromise that acknowledges both the product's worth and the buyer's need for careful investment.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2250. This price reflects a balanced approach, recognizing the value of the data product while still being cautious in my investment. I believe this is a reasonable compromise that demonstrates my interest in reaching a fair agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2300. This price reflects the value of the data product while also considering the buyer's previous offer. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's worth and encourages a constructive negotiation.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2200. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the value of the data product and my cautious approach to investment. It reflects my willingness to negotiate while ensuring that I don't exceed my budget. Let's work towards a beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2250. I believe this price strikes a balance between the value of the data product and the cautious approach you've shown in your previous offers. It reflects the product's worth while also considering your budget constraints. Let's move forward with this deal.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2150. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the product's value while remaining within my budget constraints. It's a strategic move that keeps the negotiation progressing towards a favorable agreement for both parties.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2200. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the value of the data product and the buyer's budget constraints. It's an opportunity for both sides to benefit from a solid agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2100. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, taking into account the seller's recent offer while still being mindful of my budget constraints. It's a step forward towards a mutually beneficial deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2150. This price reflects my confidence in the value of the data product while considering our previous negotiations. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the product's worth and your budget constraints. Let's make this deal happen!
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2050. This price reflects my willingness to meet the seller halfway, acknowledging the value of the data product while remaining mindful of my budget constraints. I believe this offer demonstrates my serious interest in finalizing this deal.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2100. This price reflects a balanced approach, considering the product's substantial value and the buyer's cautious stance in previous negotiations. I believe this figure not only acknowledges the product's worth but also aligns with the buyer's budgetary constraints. Let's find a path forward.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2000. This price represents a reasonable compromise, valuing the product while still taking into account my previous cautious approach. I believe this offer reflects the worth of the data product and aligns with my budget. Let's move forward and finalize this deal.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 2050. This reflects my willingness to find a middle ground while still valuing the data product appropriately. I believe this price is competitive and acknowledges your cautious approach. Let¡¯s work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 2000. This price reflects my continued cautious approach while still recognizing the value of the data product. I believe it is a fair compromise that aligns with our previous discussions and moves us closer to finalizing the deal.