Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has medium data entropy and sufficient capacity, indicating that it can handle a reasonable amount of data but lacks specifics in the parameters that usually drive higher valuations. The market score of 0.3 suggests low demand, which impacts the price negatively. Considering the limited data available, this is a conservative estimate.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '4000', 'reason': 'With a Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, it indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which is beneficial for potential users. The capacity is sufficient, and data entropy being medium suggests that the data is not overly complex nor too simple, making it versatile. However, the medium data life and the lack of historical data may limit its long-term applicability. The market value of 0.3 reflects a modest demand, but overall, these traits suggest a reasonable price point for a data product with some potential but also limitations.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:4425.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 5000. This price reflects the moderate improvement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, along with the sufficient capacity and versatile nature of the data. While I acknowledge the medium data life and some limitations, I believe the unique value and potential of this data product warrant a higher asking price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4900. Given the moderate performance improvement and the low market score, I believe this price better reflects the current value of the data product while still recognizing its potential.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 4850. The data's unique value remains strong, and I'm willing to adjust my price to facilitate a deal while still reflecting its worth. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects the ongoing concerns regarding performance improvement and market score, while still recognizing the value of the data. Let's find common ground and move towards a deal.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 4750. This price reflects my assessment of the data's unique value while still being competitive in the current market landscape. Let's find a middle ground that works for both of us.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 4700. I believe this price is a fair assessment of the data's value while also considering the current market dynamics. I'm keen to reach an agreement that benefits us both. Let's keep this negotiation moving forward.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 4650. I believe this price reflects the unique value of the data while also considering the buyer's concerns about performance and market score. I'm aiming for a fair compromise that acknowledges the quality of the data product while being mindful of the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 4600. I believe this price is a reasonable reflection of the data's value while still addressing my concerns about performance and market score. It's a strategic move to encourage collaboration and keep the negotiations moving forward.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 4600. I believe this price reflects the unique value of the data while also addressing the buyer's budget concerns. Let's aim for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4550. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's perspective while still reflecting my commitment to finding a deal that works for both parties. Let's keep the momentum going towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 4550. This price reflects a slight adjustment while acknowledging the buyer's concerns and the continuous negotiation dynamics. I'm confident that this is a fair compromise that recognizes the unique value of the data product.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4500. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, considering the unique value of the data product while still addressing the budget constraints. Let's work towards an agreement that satisfies both parties.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4550. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation of the data's unique potential while also addressing the buyer's budget constraints. Let's find a way to make this work for both of us!
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4450. I believe this price strikes a balance between the data's value and my budget constraints while still reflecting my commitment to reaching a deal. Let's work together to finalize this!
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4500. This price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints while still recognizing the unique value of the data being offered. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4400. I believe this price is a fair reflection of my budget while still acknowledging the value of the data being offered. I'm keen to move forward and finalize this deal.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 4450. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the buyer's budget constraints while still recognizing the unique value of the data. Let's move towards finalizing this deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 4400. I appreciate your offer of 4450, but I believe my price reflects a more balanced consideration of the data's value and my budget constraints. Let's continue to work towards a deal that is beneficial for both parties.