Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a decent enhancement in performance, which can be valuable to users looking for improved outcomes. The capacity is sufficient, suggesting it can handle a reasonable amount of data. However, the medium data entropy and medium data life suggest that while the data is useful, it may not be groundbreaking or long-lasting. The absence of history and market information makes it difficult to assess demand accurately, but given the other traits, a moderate price is justified.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The product has a Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates a moderate enhancement in performance. The market indicates a demand index of 0.3, suggesting that there is some level of interest but it may not be high. The capacity is sufficient, and while data entropy and data life are medium, they do not detract significantly from the potential value. However, the lack of historical data limits the confidence in the product's long-term performance.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:5075.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, as well as the current demand index of 0.3 showing a level of interest in the product. I believe this price captures the potential value of the data product despite the limitations presented by the lack of historical data.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4900. While the Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 suggests some value, the limitations in data history and the medium entropy and life lead me to propose a more conservative price. I believe this figure reflects the current worth of the data product while still allowing room for negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5200. I believe this price reflects a balance between the buyer's previous offer and my need to account for the data limitations while still acknowledging the current market demand. Let's move forward with a constructive negotiation.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5100. I believe this price demonstrates my willingness to negotiate while still considering the seller's need to address market demand and data limitations. It positions us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement, allowing us to move forward constructively.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5200. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, considering both the buyer's previous offer of 5100 and the market dynamics at play. It reflects a reasonable value for the data product while still allowing room for negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5100. I believe this price reflects my willingness to negotiate while respecting the seller's latest offer of 5200. This amount aligns with my previous offers and acknowledges the market dynamics we are facing. I am still keen on finalizing a deal that benefits both parties.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5200. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the buyer's previous offer and current market dynamics, ensuring that we stay aligned towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5100. I believe this price reflects my willingness to negotiate while staying competitive in the market. It aligns closely with the seller¡¯s last offer and demonstrates my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5150. This price reflects a slight adjustment that acknowledges the buyer's willingness to negotiate while still maintaining a fair value for the data product based on market demand and performance improvements.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5100. I believe this price is fair considering our previous negotiations and reflects my continued interest in reaching a mutually beneficial agreement. Let's find a common ground that acknowledges both the value of the data product and the constraints we've discussed.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5150. This price reflects my commitment to finding a fair compromise while considering the buyer's consistent offers and the current market dynamics. I'm confident this is a strong position for both parties to move forward.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5050. This price reflects my willingness to negotiate while recognizing the seller's commitment to finding a fair compromise. I believe it's a reasonable position that aligns with the previous offers and market conditions, and I'm optimistic that we can reach an agreement soon.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5100. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the buyer's last offer of 5050 and the ongoing negotiation dynamics. It's a step towards closing the deal while acknowledging both parties' positions.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5050. I believe this price demonstrates my commitment to reaching a fair agreement while also considering the seller's last offer. It's a reasonable compromise that reflects my continued interest in this deal.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5100. This price reflects a balanced approach, considering the buyer's previous offer and the current market conditions. I believe this is a fair value that encourages us to move forward towards a successful agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5050. I believe this price reflects my commitment to reaching a fair agreement while still considering the seller's latest offer. This slight adjustment shows my willingness to negotiate, and I hope it encourages a productive dialogue as we move closer to finalizing this deal.