Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a decent level of improvement, and a medium data entropy and life suggest that the data is relatively reliable and usable over time. However, the NULL history trait implies that there is a lack of prior performance data, which could limit the product's appeal. The market score of 0.3 suggests there is some demand, but not overwhelming. Considering these factors, the price reflects a reasonable valuation while accounting for the uncertainty introduced by the NULL trait.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': "The product exhibits a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates potential for performance enhancement. The capacity is sufficient, and the data entropy and data life are both at medium levels, suggesting reasonable reliability and variability in the data. However, the market demand is also at 0.3, indicating limited demand, which affects the valuation. The lack of historical data ('NULL') does lower the confidence in the valuation. Overall, the product has potential but is constrained by its market and historical data limitations.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2125.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 3000. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, which indicates a considerable potential for performance enhancement, combined with the product's reasonable reliability and variability in data. Despite the market demand being at a low level, I believe the value of this product justifies a higher price. Let's aim for a fruitful negotiation!
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2000. While I appreciate the seller's perspective on the product's potential, the current market demand and the NULL history trait introduce significant uncertainty regarding its true value. My offer reflects a cautious approach to this situation, considering the need for reliability and past performance data. Let's find a mutually beneficial agreement!
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2500. Given the product's moderate performance improvement and the ongoing concerns regarding market demand, I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges its potential value while addressing the current uncertainties. Let's move forward with this negotiation.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2400. This price takes into account the seller's current offer of 2500 while also reflecting my concerns about the product's market demand and reliability. I believe this is a reasonable step towards finding a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2450. Given the ongoing market uncertainty and the product's moderate performance, this price reflects a fair compromise while still acknowledging the buyer's concerns. Let's find common ground here.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2400. I believe this price reflects the fair value of the product amidst the current market conditions while still considering the seller's perspective. It's a reasonable compromise that acknowledges both parties' concerns. Let's move forward with this negotiation.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2450. Given the ongoing market uncertainties and the moderate performance improvements, I believe this price strikes a fair balance between our positions. Let¡¯s see if we can find common ground.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2400. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the seller's concerns about market uncertainties while acknowledging the product's moderate performance improvements. Let's work together to reach an agreement that benefits us both.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2400. I believe this price strikes a fair balance given the ongoing market uncertainties and the product's moderate performance. It reflects my concerns while still providing a reasonable opportunity for both parties to move forward.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2300. I believe this price reflects my continued valuation of the product while acknowledging the seller's concerns about market conditions. It allows us to make progress while still being mindful of the risks involved.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2350. Given the ongoing concerns about market demand and the product's performance, this price represents a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the buyer's interest while still valuing the product.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2300. This price reflects my continued commitment to securing a deal while acknowledging the seller's concerns about market demand and the product's performance. I believe this is a fair offer that balances both parties' interests.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2350. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between our ongoing negotiations and the current market uncertainties while also acknowledging the product's potential value. Let's find common ground here.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2250. I believe this price is a reasonable reflection of the ongoing market uncertainties while still acknowledging the potential value of the product. It's a strategic step towards closing the deal, and I hope it brings us closer to an agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2200. This price reflects a more competitive stance while still considering the ongoing market uncertainties and the product's perceived value. Let's move towards a resolution that benefits both parties.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2100. This price represents a fair compromise, taking into account the seller's recent offer while still aligning with my previous evaluations of the product's value and the current market conditions. Let's move closer to an agreement that serves both parties' interests.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 2150. I believe this price strikes a balance between our previous negotiations and acknowledges the market uncertainties while still valuing the product appropriately. Let's move forward and close this deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 2100. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise given our ongoing discussions and the need to balance both parties' interests while acknowledging the market conditions. Let's work together to finalize this deal.