Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The product has sufficient capacity which suggests it can handle data requirements, but the presence of NULL traits indicates a lack of critical performance metrics, market information, and history. This uncertainty limits the product's potential value, justifying a moderate price.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a reasonable enhancement in performance, which can attract interest in the market. The medium data entropy and medium data life suggest that the data product is stable and relevant for a moderate timeframe, while having enough capacity aligns with market needs. However, the market score of 0.4 indicates that there is some demand but not overwhelming. Given these factors, the expected price reflects a balance between performance and market demand.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the significant model performance improvement and the potential value it brings to the buyer, ensuring a competitive edge in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4800. The product has notable performance capabilities, but the presence of NULL traits raises concerns about its overall value and reliability. This price reflects a cautious approach to the uncertainties involved, while still recognizing the potential benefits it could bring.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects the significant model performance improvements while addressing the concerns over NULL traits that have been discussed. This is a fair compromise that recognizes the value of the data product while ensuring reliability.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5400. This price represents a balanced approach that acknowledges the seller's improvements while remaining cautious about the concerns regarding NULL traits. It¡¯s a reasonable step forward that recognizes the value of the data product without overextending my budget.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the improvements in model performance and reliability that have been highlighted, while still taking into account my concerns regarding NULL traits. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the product without overextending.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price strikes a balanced approach, recognizing the improvements in model performance while still addressing the lingering concerns about NULL traits. This offer reflects my confidence in the product's value and maintains our negotiation momentum.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the significant improvements in model performance while still addressing concerns about NULL traits. I believe this is a fair compromise given the circumstances.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5400. The improvements in model performance are noteworthy, and I recognize the seller's concerns about NULL traits. However, I believe 5400 is a fair price that reflects both the enhancements and the caution regarding reliability. Let's move forward with this compromise.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects a fair balance, acknowledging the improvements in performance while still addressing the concerns regarding NULL traits that impact overall reliability.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5300. This price reflects my appreciation for the seller's acknowledgment of the model's performance improvements while still considering the ongoing concerns about NULL traits. I believe this offer strikes a fair balance and demonstrates my confidence in the value this product can deliver.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5350. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the buyer's acknowledgment of performance improvements while still taking into account the ongoing concerns regarding NULL traits. This balance should facilitate a productive negotiation moving forward.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5250. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, acknowledging the seller's recent offer while still factoring in the ongoing concerns regarding NULL traits. This adjustment reflects my commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement while remaining realistic about the product's value.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5300. This price reflects a careful consideration of the improvements in model performance while still addressing the ongoing concerns regarding NULL traits. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the product while ensuring reliability.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5200. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's recent offer and my ongoing concerns regarding the reliability of the product due to NULL traits. It reflects my commitment to finding a fair and reasonable compromise while still aiming for better value.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5200. Given the ongoing discussions about model performance improvements and concerns regarding reliability, this price reflects a balanced approach that acknowledges both the buyer's perspective and my own reservations. I'm confident this is a fair compromise to move forward.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5100. I believe this price reflects my continued interest in the product while still acknowledging the seller's concerns about reliability. It maintains a fair value based on the improvements while staying competitive. Let's work together to finalize this deal.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5200. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise given the ongoing discussions about model performance improvements and the concerns regarding NULL traits. It's a balanced approach that acknowledges both the buyer's interest and the need for reliability.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5100. Given the ongoing discussions and the need to reach a resolution, this price reflects my understanding of the model's performance improvements while still addressing the concerns regarding NULL traits. It's a fair and reasonable offer that aims to bring us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5100. This price reflects a balance that acknowledges the buyer's concerns about NULL traits while still recognizing the improvements in model performance. I believe this is a fair compromise for both parties as we approach the final round of negotiations.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5000. I believe this price represents a fair evaluation of the model's improvements while still considering the ongoing concerns regarding NULL traits. As we approach the final stages of our negotiations, I feel this offer encapsulates a balanced perspective that can lead us to a satisfactory conclusion for both parties.