Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': 'The product has a medium data life and sufficient capacity, which suggests it has some potential for use in a practical setting. However, the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, and market factors limits the overall confidence in the valuation. The expected price reflects a conservative estimate based on available traits.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': 'The product shows a reasonable model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates it has potential to enhance existing models. The market score of 0.4 suggests there is some demand, although not exceptionally high. The medium data entropy and life indicate that the data can provide useful insights without being overly complex or outdated. However, the lack of historical data limits confidence in long-term performance and reliability. Given these factors, a price of 2500 reflects a balanced view of its potential value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2905.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 3000. This price reflects the strong potential of the data product with a model performance improvement of 0.3 and a market score of 0.4, indicating demand. While confidence in long-term performance is medium due to the lack of historical data, the product's ability to provide useful insights justifies this higher starting point.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2900. While I recognize the potential of the data product, my valuation considers the medium confidence in long-term performance and the limited historical data available. Therefore, a more conservative price reflects my cautious approach.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2950. This price reflects a balanced approach, acknowledging the buyer's interest while also considering the uncertainties we discussed. It's a fair midpoint that highlights the value of the data product while keeping the negotiation moving forward.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2900. This price aligns with my previous offer and reflects my continued interest in the data product, while also acknowledging the seller's previous proposal. It provides a solid foundation for moving forward in our negotiations.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2950. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the potential value of the data product and the uncertainties we've discussed. It maintains my interest while also acknowledging the buyer's willingness to negotiate.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2900. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still being within a reasonable range considering the uncertainties we've discussed. It reflects my continued interest in the data product and aims to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2925. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between our previous discussions and the value of the data product, while still acknowledging the uncertainties surrounding it. This slight adjustment aims to encourage a fruitful negotiation and move us closer to an agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2900. I believe this price remains a reasonable reflection of my valuation while considering the uncertainties we¡¯ve discussed. It also shows my continued interest in reaching an agreement without straying far from our previous negotiations.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2910. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between the value of the data product and the buyer's previous offers while still considering the uncertainties we've discussed. Let's move closer to an agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2900. I believe this price maintains my consistent position while still aligning closely with the seller's recent offer. It reflects my interest in reaching an agreement without overextending my valuation given the uncertainties we've discussed. Let's finalize this deal.