Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity and a medium data life, indicating it can be useful for a reasonable period. However, the lack of data on Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, and History limits the confidence in its effectiveness. The market score of 0.4 suggests moderate demand, which contributes to a lower valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a substantial potential for enhancing performance, which is attractive to buyers. While the data entropy and data life are medium, suggesting moderate reliability and usability, the market demand at 0.4 shows there is some interest in this type of product. However, the absence of historical data limits confidence in the product's track record. Overall, the combination of these traits suggests a moderate to high value.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:17475.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 20000. This price reflects the substantial potential for performance improvement indicated by the Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, along with the current market demand, which suggests a strong interest in this type of data product. I believe this price accurately captures the value and opportunity this product presents to buyers.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. The substantial gap between your asking price and my offer reflects my assessment of the data product's limited effective value based on its medium data life and the lack of critical performance metrics. Given the moderate market score of 0.4, I believe my offer is a fair starting point for our negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant potential of the data product and acknowledges the buyer's perspective while still valuing its market demand and performance capabilities. Let's find a middle ground that benefits us both.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 17000. This price reflects a reasonable compromise, considering the seller's valuation while still acknowledging the product's limitations and my budget constraints. Let's work towards a fair agreement that recognizes both parties' interests.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 17500. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the buyer's previous offer of 17000, while still acknowledging the value and potential of the data product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 17400. I believe this price is a reasonable step down from the seller's latest offer, reflecting a fair acknowledgment of the product's potential while still being mindful of my budget constraints.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 17550. I believe this price reflects the increasing demand for the data product while still acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints. It¡¯s a reasonable compromise that provides value for both parties.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 17450. I believe this price represents a fair evaluation of the product's value while still being mindful of my budget constraints. It showcases my willingness to negotiate and find a compromise that benefits both parties.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 17500. I believe this price reflects the strong value of the data product, taking into account the increased demand and potential performance improvements while also being a reasonable step forward in our negotiations.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 17400. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the data product while remaining within my budget constraints. It demonstrates my willingness to collaborate towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 17500. This price reflects a strong balance between the value of the data product and the current market demand, while still being a reasonable compromise considering the buyer's previous offer. Let's move forward!
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 17400. I believe this price continues to reflect a fair evaluation of the data product's potential while remaining within my budget constraints. It also shows my willingness to negotiate further and reach a mutually beneficial agreement. Let's make this deal happen!
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 17500. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's potential value and the ongoing negotiations, while still allowing room for a positive outcome for both parties.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 17400. I believe this price maintains a reasonable position within the ongoing negotiations while still reflecting the potential value of the product. It keeps the dialogue open for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 17500. This price reflects the consistent interest in the data product while also acknowledging the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's budget constraints. I'm confident that this represents a fair compromise that benefits both parties.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 17400. I believe this price reflects my continued interest in the data product while acknowledging the seller's position. It remains a reasonable compromise that aligns with my budget constraints and the product's assessed value.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 17500. The data product has shown consistent value, and I believe this price reflects both its demand and your budget constraints. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 17400. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while also accommodating my budget constraints. This keeps us within a reasonable range and paves the way for a successful agreement. Let's find common ground and finalize this deal.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 17500. This price reflects the consistent value of the data product while acknowledging your previous offer of 17400. It's a fair compromise that balances both our interests and paves the way for a successful conclusion to our negotiations.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 17450. I believe this reflects a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's consistent valuation while still being within my budget. This offer keeps us moving towards a mutually beneficial agreement.