Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': 'The product has a medium capacity and medium data entropy, indicating it can handle a reasonable amount of data and the data has some variability. However, the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement and History creates uncertainty about its effectiveness and reliability. The market rating of 0.4 suggests moderate demand, which also limits the valuation. Overall, while there are some positive traits, the missing information holds back the confidence in a higher price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The model performance improvement of 0.3 indicates a significant enhancement potential, which can be attractive in many applications. The capacity is sufficient, and the medium data entropy and life suggest stability and usability. However, the lack of historical data may limit the product's perceived reliability, which slightly dampens its value. The market score of 0.4 signals moderate demand, reinforcing the valuation while taking into account the uncertainties due to NULL traits.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1720.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant enhancement potential of the data product, with a model performance improvement of 0.3. Given its sufficient capacity and moderate demand indicated by the market score of 0.4, I believe this valuation captures the product's value while accounting for its stable usability despite the absence of historical data.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. The seller's price of 1800 seems too high given the uncertainties around model performance improvement and lack of historical data. While the product has potential, I believe my offer reflects a more reasonable valuation considering the current market rating of 0.4.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. The value of this data product is significant, and while I understand the buyer's perspective on its potential, I believe that 1750 strikes a fair balance given the current market uncertainties.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1725. The data product holds considerable value, and I believe my offer reflects an equitable compromise between our positions, taking into account the market uncertainties while still acknowledging its potential.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1730. I believe this price strikes a fair balance considering the potential of the data product while also accounting for the current market uncertainties. It reflects a reasonable compromise that acknowledges both the value of the product and the buyer's perspective.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1710. I believe this price is a reasonable step forward, reflecting my appreciation of the data product's potential while also keeping in mind the current market dynamics. It acknowledges the seller's position while still being mindful of my budget.