Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which is valuable for data products in competitive markets. However, the lack of information on data entropy, data life, history, and market limits the overall assessment of the product's potential and relevance. Given these factors, the price reflects a balance between the known improvement and the uncertainty from the NULL traits.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': "The model performance improvement of 0.3 suggests a decent enhancement in performance, and a medium data entropy and life indicate that the data is somewhat reliable and relevant. The market factor of 0.4 shows potential demand. However, the lack of historical data limits confidence in the product's consistency and effectiveness, thus slightly lowering the price expectation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the data product's significant potential, backed by a 0.3 performance improvement, medium reliability, and a promising market factor of 0.4. Given the confidence in the product's value, I believe this is a fair starting point for negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. Given the moderate performance improvement of 0.3 and the uncertainties regarding data entropy and life, I believe this price better reflects the actual value of the data product in its current context.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. The product has significant potential and performance improvements, and while I acknowledge the buyer's concerns, I believe this adjusted price reflects a fair compromise while still recognizing the value of the product.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14000. The product's potential is acknowledged, but the uncertainties in its performance still merit a more cautious approach. This price reflects a balance between recognizing value and ensuring a prudent investment.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. The product has demonstrated significant potential, and I believe this price strikes a balance between the value it provides and the concerns raised about performance.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14400. The product does show potential, but I still have concerns about performance, and this price reflects a cautious approach while recognizing its value.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14550. I believe this price reflects the product's strong potential while also accounting for the buyer's concerns about performance uncertainties. It's a fair step forward that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14450. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's position and addressing my concerns about performance uncertainties. It reflects my commitment to finding a fair deal while ensuring I do not overextend based on the product's potential.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14580. I believe this price reflects the product's solid potential while also addressing the buyer's concerns about performance. It¡¯s a reasonable step up from the previous offers, showing my willingness to negotiate while still valuing the product highly.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14480. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the seller's perspective on the product's potential while still addressing my ongoing concerns about its performance. It shows my willingness to negotiate fairly within a reasonable range.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14590. This reflects the product's growing potential while also taking into consideration the buyer's previous concerns. I'm confident this price strikes a balance between value and the need for cautious investment.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14490. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise between the seller's confidence in the product's potential and my own cautious approach to its performance uncertainties. This offer keeps us moving forward while addressing both parties' positions effectively.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14595. The product's exceptional potential and performance improvements justify a slight increase, while still being mindful of the buyer¡¯s concerns. Let's work towards a fair agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14495. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise between the seller's valuation of the product's potential and my ongoing concerns about its performance. By slightly lowering my offer, I hope to signal my willingness to negotiate while still being cautious. Let's find a mutually beneficial agreement moving forward.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14590. The product has shown consistent performance improvements, and I believe this price reflects its true value while still being a fair compromise considering your previous offers.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14490. I believe this price reflects my ongoing commitment to negotiate fairly while still considering the product's potential and the performance concerns we've discussed. It¡¯s a reasonable offer that acknowledges the consistent improvements while remaining cautious about the investment.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 14585. This price reflects the consistent improvements and potential of the product, while also addressing the buyer's previous concerns about performance. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes both the product's value and the buyer's cautious approach.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 14485. This price reflects my continued recognition of the product's potential while still taking into account my concerns regarding performance. I believe this offer strikes a balance between the seller's valuation and my cautious approach as a buyer.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 14590. This price reflects the product's consistent performance improvements and potential, while also addressing the buyer's concerns. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the product's value and the buyer's cautious approach.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 14490. This price reflects my continued recognition of the product's potential while still being cautious about its performance. I'm aiming for a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the product while addressing the concerns that have been raised during our negotiations.