Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a significant enhancement in performance, which is valuable for potential users. Additionally, the market score of 0.4 suggests there is some level of demand for this product. However, the presence of NULL traits like Data Entropy, Data Life, and History means that there are gaps in the information that could affect the product¡¯s overall valuation. Considering these factors, a modest price is justified.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can attract buyers. The "enough" capacity and medium data entropy and life suggest that the product can serve a decent segment of the market. However, the market score of 0.4 suggests limited demand, which balances the valuation. Overall, the product has potential but is not exceptional.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1757.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2000. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, alongside the product's decent market capacity and potential. I believe this valuation captures the value the data product can bring to buyers looking for reliable data solutions.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1800. I believe this price more accurately reflects the gaps in the data product's information, such as the NULL traits in Data Entropy, Data Life, and History, while still acknowledging the potential performance enhancement indicated by the Model Performance Improvement of 0.3.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1900. The product has shown notable performance enhancements, and I believe this price reflects its improved market potential while still addressing the concerns regarding the data gaps.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1800. The product does have some notable performance enhancements, but I still have concerns regarding the data gaps that have been highlighted. This price reflects my valuation while considering those factors, and I believe it presents a fair compromise in our negotiations.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1850. The moderate performance enhancement and market potential are acknowledged, but the data gaps still warrant a careful approach to pricing. This figure reflects a balance between the improvements noted and the concerns about the product's completeness.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1800. I believe this price reflects the product's moderate performance enhancement and potential while still being cautious about the data gaps that have been highlighted. This is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the strengths and weaknesses of the offering.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1825. I believe this price reflects the moderate performance enhancements of the product while still accounting for the gaps in data that have been acknowledged throughout our discussions. It represents a fair compromise between our positions, allowing us to move forward.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1800. This price acknowledges the seller's perspective while still reflecting my concerns regarding the data gaps. It represents a balanced approach that aims to bring us closer to an agreement and facilitate a successful transaction.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1800. The previous rounds have shown a consistent valuation from my side, emphasizing the data gaps that still exist despite the performance enhancements. I believe this price accurately reflects the product's current standing in the market.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1750. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's consistent valuation while also recognizing the performance enhancements of the product. It strikes a balance between the previous discussions and the current market dynamics.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1780. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the ongoing concerns about data gaps while still recognizing the product's moderate performance enhancements. This allows us to move forward while keeping both perspectives in mind.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1750. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the seller's concerns about data gaps and the product's moderate performance enhancements. It reflects my willingness to negotiate while still considering the value I see in the product.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1775. This price reflects a slight adjustment considering the buyer's last offer and aims to find a middle ground while still recognizing the product's value amidst the ongoing concerns about data gaps.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1750. This price reflects my ongoing assessment of the product's moderate enhancements while still acknowledging the seller's position on data gaps. I believe this is a fair and reasonable offer that keeps us moving toward a potential agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1760. I believe this price reflects a reasonable adjustment considering the ongoing discussions and the buyer's previous offer of 1750. It acknowledges the product's potential while still accounting for the data gaps that have been discussed. Let¡¯s find a middle ground that works for both of us.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1755. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between your recent offer of 1760 and my previous position, reflecting both the product's potential and the acknowledged data gaps. Let's work towards an agreement that satisfies both parties.