Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity, which suggests that it can handle a reasonable amount of data or users. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement, data entropy, data life, history, and market limits the confidence in its overall value. Given the available capacity, it can still command a modest price, but the uncertainty due to the NULL traits reduces the expected valuation.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 suggests a moderate enhancement in performance, which could be attractive to potential users. The capacity is adequate, and while the data entropy and data life are both medium, they indicate a reasonable level of stability and usability. The market demand at 0.5 indicates a decent interest in this type of product. However, the lack of historical data (NULL) slightly lowers confidence in the product's established value.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1625.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the value of the data product, considering its moderate performance enhancement, adequate capacity, and reasonable stability, despite the absence of historical data. I believe this offer captures the potential market interest effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. The data product's lack of historical data and uncertainty in its overall value significantly impact my confidence in its worth. Therefore, I believe 1500 is a reasonable starting point.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects the moderate performance of the data product while acknowledging the buyer's concerns. I believe it strikes a fair balance, considering the potential market interest and the current uncertainties.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. While I appreciate the seller's considerations, I still have reservations about the product's historical data and overall value. This price reflects a cautious yet fair approach, aligning with my concerns and the current market landscape.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects the product's potential and moderate performance while addressing your concerns about historical data and value. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges the strengths of the data product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between acknowledging the seller's perspective on the product's potential and my ongoing concerns about its historical data and overall value. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects the moderate performance of the product while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns, creating a fair balance and encouraging a positive negotiation atmosphere.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price considers the seller's latest offer while still recognizing the hesitations regarding the product's historical data. It's a reasonable compromise that reflects my concerns and opens the door for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the data product's moderate performance and the potential market interest it holds, while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about historical data. I'm confident this is a fair compromise that could lead us to a successful agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price acknowledges the seller's perspective while still considering my concerns regarding the product's historical data. It's a reasonable compromise that reflects my willingness to engage further while balancing the risks involved.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1650. The product has shown moderate performance and has potential in the market, making this price a reasonable and fair compromise considering the ongoing discussions and buyer concerns.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's potential while still addressing my concerns regarding its historical data. I'm eager to find a middle ground that acknowledges both perspectives in this negotiation.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects a balanced approach considering the product's moderate performance and the buyer's concerns about historical data. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the potential value of the product while addressing the buyer's hesitations.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price reflects my continued concerns about the product's lack of historical data and the uncertainties surrounding its true value. While I appreciate the seller's perspective, I believe this offer strikes a balance between acknowledging the product's potential and addressing my hesitations.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's moderate performance and potential market interest while addressing the buyer's concerns over historical data. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges both perspectives in this negotiation.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price fairly reflects the value of the product while still addressing the concerns regarding its historical data. Accepting this offer would help us move forward towards a fruitful agreement.