Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in model performance, which can be valuable to potential users. However, the lack of data about life, history, and market limits the overall assessment. Still, the product is likely useful in certain applications, justifying a reasonable price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a notable Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which indicates it can significantly enhance performance. Additionally, it has a long Data Life and sufficient Capacity, suggesting it can be utilized effectively over time. However, the low Market score of 0.3 indicates limited demand, which may cap the overall value. The absence of historical data (NULL) may introduce some uncertainty in its track record, but the other traits provide a solid foundation for a reasonable valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the exceptional Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, which holds significant potential for enhancing performance and maximizing value over time. The product¡¯s long Data Life and adequate Capacity further substantiate this valuation, despite the low Market score. I believe this price positions us well for a fruitful negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1200. While the Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 has potential, the lack of comprehensive data regarding life, history, and market limits the overall value assessment. Therefore, I believe a price closer to 1200 reflects a reasonable and fair starting point for our negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. This price reflects the substantial potential of the data product and its ability to drive performance improvements, while still considering the buyer's concerns about data limitations.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1900. While I acknowledge the potential of the data product, the limitations you've mentioned still weigh heavily on my valuation. My offer reflects a more realistic assessment of its market value given those constraints.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 4200. The data product has significant potential for performance enhancement, and while I understand the buyer's concerns, I believe this price reflects its value while still being reasonable in light of our previous discussions.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 4100. Given the limitations we've discussed regarding the data product, this adjusted price reflects a more balanced valuation while still acknowledging the potential for performance enhancement that the seller has highlighted.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 4000. This price reflects the data product's continued potential for performance enhancement while acknowledging the buyer's concerns regarding the limitations of the data. I believe this is a fair midpoint that values the product while remaining competitive.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 3900. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the product's potential and addressing the limitations that have been previously discussed. It reflects my willingness to negotiate while remaining cautious about the overall value of the data.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 3950. This price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the buyer's concerns while still valuing the significant potential of the product.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 3850. This price considers the seller's latest offer while still reflecting my cautious valuation based on the product's limitations. It strikes a balance between acknowledging the potential and my concerns about the data's overall value.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 3900. I believe this price reflects both the potential of the data product and the concerns regarding its limitations. It¡¯s a fair compromise, considering the buyer's last offer of 3850. Let's move forward with this negotiation.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 3800. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's last offer and the ongoing concerns regarding the data product's limitations. While I'm recognizing the potential value, this offer reflects a cautious approach. Let's move towards a resolution.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 3850. This price takes into consideration the ongoing negotiation and the buyer's previous offer while still reflecting the inherent value and potential of the data product.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 3750. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between acknowledging the potential value of the data product while remaining cautious of its limitations. It's a reasonable step down from the previous offers, aiming to facilitate a productive negotiation.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 3800. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the potential value of the product while acknowledging the buyer's cautious approach. Let's move forward with this negotiation.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 3700. This price reflects my continued recognition of the product's potential while also addressing my concerns about its limitations. I believe this offer strikes a fair balance and keeps us moving towards an agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 3750. The product has significant potential value despite its limitations, and this price reflects a fair compromise considering our ongoing negotiations.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 3650. I believe this price better reflects my assessment of the product's limitations while still acknowledging its potential value. It's important to continue moving towards a fair agreement that recognizes both parties' positions.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 3700. This price reflects the ongoing negotiations and acknowledges both the potential of the data product and the buyer's cautious approach. It's a fair compromise that respects the value we both see in this deal.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 3600. This price reflects my ongoing assessment of the product's limitations while still recognizing its potential value. I believe this offer is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges our previous negotiations and paves the way for a successful deal.