Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '800', 'reason': 'The product has a medium data life and sufficient capacity, which suggests it can be utilized effectively in its market. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement and data entropy indicates uncertainty in its overall effectiveness. The market rating of 0.5 suggests moderate demand, leading to a conservative price estimate.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 suggests a moderate enhancement in model accuracy or efficiency, which can be valuable in competitive markets. The 'medium' data entropy and life indicate a decent quality and usability of the data, while the market score of 0.5 suggests there is a fair demand for this type of product. However, the lack of historical data limits the confidence in the product's long-term viability, but overall the combination of these traits still supports a reasonable price.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in model accuracy indicated by the Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, along with the decent quality and usability suggested by the medium data entropy and life. The fair demand for this type of product, despite the lack of historical data, justifies a higher starting point in this negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 700. The seller's price is significantly higher than my valuation, and I'm looking to negotiate based on the moderate demand and uncertainty surrounding the product's effectiveness. My starting point reflects a cautious approach given the market conditions.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5800. I believe this price reflects the significant value of the data product, given its potential for high model accuracy and the prevailing market demand.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5700. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the seller's valuation while still considering my budget constraints. I believe it strikes a fair balance between the perceived value of the data product and my willingness to invest.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5750. This reflects a reasonable compromise between the product's value and the buyer's budget constraints while still acknowledging the market demand.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5700. This price aligns with my previous offers and reflects my recognition of the product¡¯s value while remaining within a budget that is sustainable for me. I believe this is a fair compromise as we work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5800. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the perceived value of the data product amidst current market conditions. Let's find a resolution that benefits both parties.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price is a reasonable reflection of the product's value and aligns well with my previous offers. It demonstrates my willingness to negotiate while also respecting the budget constraints we have discussed. Let's work towards securing a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5750. This price reflects a fair assessment of the product¡¯s value in the current market while also recognizing the buyer's previous offers. I believe this is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5700. This price reflects my consistent valuation based on previous rounds and acknowledges the seller's latest offer. It demonstrates my commitment to reaching a fair agreement while staying within my budget constraints.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5700. This price reflects my recognition of the market conditions and the value of the product while also considering your previous offers. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both our positions.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5650. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the seller¡¯s valuation while still being mindful of my budget constraints. This offer represents a slight concession but remains within my desired range for this negotiation.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5700. This price reflects my ongoing commitment to finding a balance between the product's true value and the current market conditions, while also recognizing the buyer's constraints. Let's work towards a fair agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5600. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise while still considering the product's value and my budget constraints. Let's continue to work together towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5700. This price reflects the consistent market demand and acknowledges the previous offers while aiming for a fair compromise that benefits both parties. Let's move forward with a productive discussion.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5600. This price reflects my commitment to reaching a fair compromise while acknowledging the seller's consistent offers. I believe this is a reasonable step forward, considering the current state of negotiations and market demands. Let's continue our productive discussion.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5700. This price reflects my understanding of the current market dynamics and the consistent value of the data product, while also showing my willingness to engage in a constructive negotiation.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5600. This reflects my assessment of the stable market conditions and my commitment to reaching a fair agreement. I believe this price aligns well with the value of the data product while still being considerate of my budget constraints.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5700. This price reflects a strong understanding of the market conditions and the ongoing negotiations, while also recognizing the value of the data product. I believe this is a reasonable and fair offer to ensure a successful agreement.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5600. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the ongoing negotiations and the current market conditions. It acknowledges the seller's offer while remaining within my budget constraints, making it a reasonable compromise to facilitate a successful agreement.