Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and medium data entropy, which suggests it can handle a reasonable amount of data effectively. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement, data life, history, and market indicates uncertainty in its overall value and applicability. Given these factors, a moderate price reflects its potential utility while accounting for the unknowns.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a notable Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates a good ability to enhance performance, making it attractive in the market. The medium data entropy and medium data life suggest that the data is neither too chaotic nor too old, maintaining relevance. The market size of 0.5 indicates a fair demand, which supports a reasonable price. However, the lack of historical data limits the confidence in long-term performance.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1575.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the notable Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, indicating strong potential to enhance performance in the market. Given the medium data entropy and relevance, along with a fair market demand, I believe this price accurately represents the value of the product.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. The seller¡¯s price of 1800 seems quite low given the uncertainties in model performance improvement and market applicability. My offer reflects a cautious approach, considering potential unknowns and the need for a fairer price aligned with the product's capabilities.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700.0. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the strong model performance improvement and the market demand while still acknowledging the uncertainties in performance and applicability that I previously highlighted.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price reflects my assessment of the model's value while also considering the uncertainties you've mentioned. I believe it's a fair compromise that acknowledges the improvements while protecting my interests.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price strikes a balance between the value of the data product and the current market conditions, considering the performance improvements and uncertainties we both acknowledged. Let's find common ground here.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between the value of the data product and the current market conditions, while also acknowledging the uncertainties we've discussed. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects a fair balance considering the buyer's previous offer and the current market dynamics. I believe it acknowledges the value of the data product while still being competitive in the context of performance improvements and demand.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's recent offer while still being mindful of the value and demand for the data product. I believe it strikes a fair compromise, taking into account the current market conditions and the potential performance benefits.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1625. This price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the buyer's interest while also considering the uncertainties in performance and market applicability. It's a step towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects the strong model performance and current market conditions while still acknowledging the seller's perspective on uncertainties. It's a fair compromise that can lead us to a successful agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a strong balance between the product's value and current market dynamics, while also taking into account the performance uncertainties we¡¯ve discussed. It positions us well for a favorable outcome in this negotiation.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price strikes a fair balance considering the current market dynamics and the uncertainties we've discussed regarding performance. It reflects a reasonable compromise while still valuing the product appropriately. Let's move forward with this offer.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise given the ongoing discussions and the current market dynamics. It takes into account both the performance uncertainties and the value of the data product, making it a reasonable offer for both parties.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's view on current market dynamics while still reflecting my understanding of the data product's value. It¡¯s a reasonable step towards reconciliation, considering the ongoing negotiations and uncertainties in performance.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1580. I believe this price reflects a fair balance, considering the ongoing discussions and the need to acknowledge the buyer's perspective while still valuing the product appropriately.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1570. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's perspective while still aiming for a fair deal that acknowledges the product's value and current market conditions. I believe this offer encourages a constructive dialogue towards a final agreement.