Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has medium data entropy and medium data life, indicating a reasonable level of complexity and potential longevity. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement, history, and market significantly limits confidence in the valuation. Despite this, the product\'s capacity being described as "enough" suggests it can handle a decent volume of data, which adds some value.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a reasonable enhancement, suggesting that the product can provide better outcomes. The medium data entropy and medium data life imply a balance between variability and longevity, which are positive attributes. While the lack of historical data (NULL) could hinder confidence, the market score of 0.5 suggests there is moderate demand, which can support a decent valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:8112.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 9000. This price reflects the significant value of the data product, given its model performance improvement of 0.3 and balanced data attributes. The moderate market demand indicates that this product can achieve exceptional outcomes for buyers, justifying a higher initial offer.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. Given the medium data entropy and medium data life, I believe this price reflects a reasonable valuation for the product. The lack of information on model performance improvement and market history significantly affects my confidence in paying more, despite the seller¡¯s claims of value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 8500. This price reflects the exceptional value and high potential of the data product while taking into account the buyer's previous offer. I believe this is a fair compromise that highlights the quality of the product while still being accessible for the buyer.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 8400. I believe this price is a reasonable step towards finding common ground, acknowledging the seller's valuation while still reflecting my considerations regarding the data product's attributes and performance potential.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 8400. The buyer's last offer of 8400 shows they are getting closer to my expectations, and I believe this price reflects the exceptional value and quality of the data product while still being a fair compromise.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 8300. While I recognize the quality of the data product, I believe that my offer reflects a fair valuation considering my budget constraints and the previous negotiations. Let's continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 8350. This price reflects a strategic compromise while still valuing the quality and potential of the data product. I believe it's a fair offer that acknowledges your position while also recognizing the product's exceptional attributes.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 8250. I believe this price strikes a balance between my budget constraints and the recognition of the product's value. While I appreciate the seller's offer of 8350, I am looking for a price that aligns with my assessment of the product's attributes and my financial limits.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 8300. This price reflects the quality and value of the data product while remaining competitive in our negotiations. I believe it strikes a fair balance between our positions and acknowledges the buyer's budget considerations.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 8200. I believe this price is a reasonable step down that reflects the quality of the data product while still acknowledging my budget constraints. It positions us closer to a potential agreement without undervaluing the seller¡¯s offering.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 8200. This price reflects the quality and competitiveness of the data product while also acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints. I'm confident this is a fair deal that recognizes the value of what I'm providing.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 8100. I believe this price is a fair compromise that acknowledges the quality of the data product while also keeping my budget constraints in mind. I'm confident this offer moves us closer to an agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 8150. This price reflects a strong recognition of the data product's quality while considering the buyer's previous offer of 8100. I believe this is a fair midpoint that acknowledges both the value of the product and the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 8100. I believe this price maintains my budget while recognizing the seller's acknowledgment of the product's quality. It also reflects my intention to find a fair compromise as we move closer to an agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 8125. I believe this price reflects the quality and performance of the data product, while also acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints. Let's work together to reach a fair agreement that respects both sides.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 8100. I believe this price recognizes the quality of the data product while staying within my budget constraints. Let's work together to find a mutually beneficial agreement.