Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': "The product shows a decent Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating it can enhance existing models' effectiveness. The market score of 0.5 suggests there is moderate demand for such a product. However, the presence of NULL values in critical traits such as Data Entropy, Data Life, and History raises concerns about the completeness and reliability of the product. Therefore, while there is potential value, it is tempered by uncertainty.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.3 indicates a decent capability for enhancing performance, which can be appealing in competitive markets. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle a reasonable workload. Medium data entropy and medium data life indicate a balanced quality and longevity of the data, which makes it suitable for various applications. However, the lack of historical data may limit potential buyers\' confidence. The market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand. Overall, the product shows promise but lacks some critical data points that would enhance its value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:6725.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 8000. This price reflects the strong performance improvement potential of the data product, making it a valuable asset in competitive markets. The product's balanced quality and longevity further enhance its appeal, justifying a higher starting price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2000. While I acknowledge the potential of the data product, the high price of 8000 does not align with the concerns I have regarding the presence of NULL values in key traits. My offer reflects a more cautious approach, considering the uncertainties involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 7500. This price reflects the unique value and strong potential of the data product, while also considering the buyer's concerns. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the quality I am providing.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2400. I believe that while the seller's data product does have potential, my previous concerns about the quality and the presence of NULL values still stand. My offer reflects a fair assessment of the current risks involved.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 7000. The data product has significant value and potential, and I believe this price reflects its quality while being competitive in our negotiations.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 6800. The data product does hold value, but given the concerns we've discussed regarding its quality and potential risks, I believe this adjusted price reflects a more balanced perspective in our negotiations.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 6900. Considering the strong potential and quality of the data product, I believe this is a fair price that also reflects the buyer's previous offers. Let's make this deal happen.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 6800. I believe this price reflects the significant value of the data product while still addressing my previous concerns about quality and NULL values. Let's move forward and finalize this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 6850. I believe this price reflects the data product's significant value while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns about quality. It¡¯s a fair position that encourages progress in our negotiations.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 6800. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's expectations and my concerns about the data product's quality. It's a reasonable offer that acknowledges the seller's position while still being mindful of the risks involved.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 6800. This price reflects the strong potential and quality of the data product while also considering the buyer's concerns about NULL values. I'm confident that this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 6700. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the quality of the data product while also addressing my concerns over the presence of NULL values. This adjustment reflects my willingness to negotiate while remaining mindful of the risks involved.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 6750. This price reflects my confidence in the data product's quality and its strong potential, while still being mindful of the buyer's concerns regarding NULL values. I'm willing to negotiate to reach an agreement that satisfies both parties.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 6700. I believe this is a fair price reflecting my ongoing concerns about the data product's quality and potential risks associated with NULL values, while also recognizing the seller's confidence in its value. Let's move closer to an agreement that works for both of us.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 6800. The data product has significant value, and I believe this price reflects its quality while addressing the buyer's concerns about NULL values.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 6700. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the seller's offer of 6800 while still addressing my ongoing concerns about the data product's quality and NULL values.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 6750. I believe this reflects the value and quality of the data product while still addressing the buyer's concerns about NULL values. This price demonstrates my willingness to negotiate, yet it also maintains the integrity of the product's worth.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 6700. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's offer while still addressing my concerns about the data product's potential quality and NULL values. It's a fair compromise that reflects my ongoing interest in concluding this negotiation.