Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) is relatively high at 0.3, indicating a significant enhancement in model performance which can attract users looking for improved results. The capacity being "enough" suggests the product can handle the required data volume effectively. However, the presence of several NULL traits such as Data Entropy, History, and Market reduces the overall confidence in a comprehensive valuation, as these factors could influence usability and market demand.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be appealing to users. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can adequately handle user demands. Although data entropy and life are both medium, indicating some variability in data quality and longevity, the market score of 0.5 suggests a reasonable demand exists. Overall, while some traits are not available, the existing characteristics indicate a viable product.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1555.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement and the adequate capacity to meet user demands. The overall characteristics of the product suggest it is a viable option in the market, and I believe this price captures its value effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. While the Model Performance Improvement is noted, the significant presence of NULL traits raises concerns about the overall usability and market demand. Therefore, a lower price is more reflective of the product's current standing.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. The product's improved performance and market viability are significant, and I believe this price reflects its true value while considering the concerns you raised about usability and demand.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The seller's price of 1700 is a bit high considering the concerns regarding usability and demand that we discussed previously. I believe 1600 is a fair compromise that reflects the product's value while still addressing those issues.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's improved performance while still acknowledging the usability concerns that were previously discussed. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the value without overstepping the current market dynamics.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price acknowledges the seller's concerns while still recognizing the improved performance of the product. It represents a fair compromise that maintains the value discussed in previous rounds without exceeding the current market expectations.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1600. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the product's current market viability, taking into account the concerns over usability that we have discussed. Let's move forward with this reasonable compromise.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this reflects a solid compromise between our previous discussions and acknowledges the ongoing usability concerns while still recognizing the product's improved performance. Let's aim for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1575. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the product's improved performance and addressing the ongoing concerns about usability. It's a fair compromise that reflects the current market dynamics while remaining competitive.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the seller's ongoing concerns about usability while still recognizing the product's improved performance. It's a fair offer that aligns with the previous negotiations and the current market conditions.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1560. Given the ongoing discussions and the need for a compromise, this price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's improved performance while still acknowledging the usability concerns we've discussed. Let's work towards a resolution that benefits both of us.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price still acknowledges the seller's improved performance while addressing the usability concerns we¡¯ve discussed. It reflects a fair compromise that can lead us to a mutually beneficial resolution.