Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The model performance improvement of 0.2 indicates a modest enhancement in predictive capabilities, which can be beneficial for users seeking incremental improvements. However, the short data life suggests that the usefulness may be limited, and the lack of data entropy and history raises uncertainty about the product's robustness and reliability. Overall, while there is potential value, the unknowns temper the outlook.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a reasonable enhancement in performance, which can attract buyers looking for incremental gains. The market score of 0.3 suggests a moderate level of demand. However, the low data entropy implies that the data is relatively straightforward or predictable, which might limit its appeal. The short data life can affect long-term value, but overall, the combination of these traits suggests a product that could be useful for short-term applications.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:5225.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the unique value of the data product, considering its potential for performance improvement and moderate market demand. I believe that this higher price is justified given the short-term applications it can serve effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4500. Given the modest enhancement in predictive capabilities and the limitations of the data product's short life and uncertainty about its robustness, I believe this price reflects a fair value while accommodating the risks involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the unique value and potential of the data product while accounting for the buyer's concerns about modest enhancements and risks. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the product's worth and the buyer's perspective.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects a strong value for the data product while still addressing the seller's perspective on its unique potential. It¡¯s a reasonable step towards finding common ground, considering the previous offers and the risks involved.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects the unique value and potential of the data product while acknowledging the buyer's position. It's a fair middle ground that can facilitate a successful deal.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price strikes a balance between valuing the data product's potential and considering the associated risks I've mentioned earlier. This offer reflects my continued interest in reaching a successful agreement while being fair to both parties.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5450. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between the unique potential of the data product and the buyer's considerations. It demonstrates my willingness to negotiate while still valuing the product appropriately.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the value of the data product and addressing the associated risks. This reflects my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement while still being mindful of budget constraints.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5425. This price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the buyer's concerns while still capturing the unique value and potential of the data product. Let's move towards a successful agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between valuing the unique aspects of the data product while also considering my budget constraints. Let's move forward towards a successful agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5400. This price reflects my recognition of the buyer's consistent valuation while still capturing the inherent worth of the data product. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the product's potential and the buyer's budget considerations.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5300. This reflects my continued interest in the deal while still considering my budget constraints. I believe this price represents a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the data product while allowing for a reasonable negotiation space.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5350. This price reflects the strong value of the data product while also taking into consideration the buyer's previous offers and budget constraints. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the product's worth and the buyer's interest.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5250. I believe this price is a fair reflection of my continued interest in the data product while also remaining mindful of my budget constraints. It allows for some negotiation space while still recognizing the value the product offers.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5300. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while also considering the buyer's budget constraints. It's a fair compromise that can facilitate a successful agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5200. I believe this price strikes a balance between the value of the data product and my budget constraints, while still showing my willingness to reach an agreement. This slight reduction reflects my continued interest in securing the deal without undervaluing the product.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5250. I believe this price reflects a strong compromise that values the unique aspects of the data product while also acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints. Let's move closer to a successful agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5200. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, acknowledging the seller's value while also considering my budget constraints. Let's push towards a resolution that benefits us both.