Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product has a sufficient capacity and the market indicates a moderate demand (0.3), but the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, Data Life, and History limits the confidence in its full value. Therefore, a conservative estimate is reasonable.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a reasonable model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating that it can enhance performance to a noticeable degree. The capacity is sufficient, and the data life is long, suggesting that it can be utilized over an extended period. However, the medium data entropy and low market rating indicate that while it has potential, there might be limitations in its current market appeal and demand. Therefore, the price reflects these mixed signals.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1730.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the data product's reasonable model performance improvement of 0.3, which indicates a substantial enhancement potential. The product's capacity and long data life further add to its value, despite some limitations in market appeal. I believe this offer captures the true worth of the product effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. The seller's price of 1800 is close, but considering the uncertainties surrounding model performance improvement and market appeal, I believe 1700 is a fair and conservative offer that reflects the product's potential while accounting for its limitations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects a balanced approach, acknowledging the buyer's perspective on model performance while still addressing my concerns about market uncertainties.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1725. This price demonstrates my recognition of the seller's position while still reflecting my belief in the value of the product's model performance. It strikes a balance that acknowledges the ongoing concerns in the market while moving closer to a potential agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. The previous negotiations have shown a willingness to meet in the middle, and I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the product's potential and current market conditions.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price reflects my appreciation for the product's potential while still considering the market uncertainties highlighted in our previous discussions. I believe it strikes a fair balance and allows us to move forward in this negotiation.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing discussions about the model's performance improvements and market appeal. I believe it balances both parties' perspectives effectively while still recognizing the product's inherent value.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's perspective while still reflecting my concerns about the uncertainties in model performance and market appeal. It's a reasonable step towards finding common ground in our negotiations.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects a strong balance between the product's potential value and the current market uncertainties, making it a fair deal for both parties.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's position while still reflecting my assessment of the product's value amid ongoing market uncertainties. It's a reasonable step toward finding common ground, and I am confident it can facilitate a successful conclusion to our negotiations.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1740. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the potential value of the product while still reflecting the market uncertainties we've discussed. Let¡¯s find a middle ground that satisfies both parties.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1720. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the seller's concerns while still valuing the product's potential. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.