Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a long data life and sufficient capacity, which indicates it can be used over an extended period and has the ability to handle a considerable amount of data. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement and market context limits its overall value. The medium data entropy suggests that while the data may have some complexity, it is manageable. Given these factors, a moderate price is justified.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates it has the potential to enhance performance, making it attractive in the market. The capacity is adequate, and the data life is long, which adds to its value. However, the data entropy being medium could imply some challenges in data quality or consistency. The market score of 0.3 suggests a somewhat limited but existing demand. Overall, these traits suggest a reasonable valuation, albeit with some caution due to the medium entropy and lack of historical data.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:5325.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This data product demonstrates a moderate Model Performance Improvement, and its adequate capacity combined with a long data life enhances its appeal in the market. Despite some medium entropy, the potential for performance enhancement justifies this price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4500. While the data product has a long data life and sufficient capacity, the lack of information on model performance improvement and market context limits its overall value. Therefore, a lower price is more justified given these considerations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects a balance between the value of the data product¡¯s potential performance improvement and the market appeal, while also taking into account the limited information available.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5400. This reflects my recognition of the seller's assessment of the product's potential value while still valuing my budget constraints. I believe this price represents a fair compromise given the ongoing negotiation.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects the strong market appeal and moderate performance improvement of the data product while staying within a competitive range. Let's move towards a deal that benefits us both.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the value of the data product and the seller's expectations, while still reflecting my commitment to securing a beneficial deal for both parties. Let's finalize this transaction.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the strong market appeal and potential of the data product, while also considering the previous negotiations and the buyer's willingness to engage at a competitive level.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5400. This price represents a fair compromise given the seller's last offer and reflects my recognition of the data product's value and potential in the market. I'm eager to reach a mutually beneficial agreement and believe this price strikes that balance.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the strong market potential and performance improvements of the data product while also considering the competitive landscape. Let's work towards a deal that benefits both parties.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this reflects a fair compromise given the product's market potential and performance improvements while still acknowledging my budget constraints. Let's work together towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5450. I believe this price better reflects the data product's strong market appeal and potential for performance improvement while remaining a reasonable compromise between our positions.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5400. This price reflects my continued confidence in the data product's value and potential, while remaining competitive with your latest offer. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both our positions.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5400. This price reflects my confidence in the product's strong market appeal and performance, while also considering the buyer's previous offer and the ongoing negotiations. Let's move closer to a deal that benefits us both.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the product's market appeal and performance, while still acknowledging the seller's previous offer. I'm eager to move towards a deal that works for both of us.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5400. The product has strong market potential and I believe this price reflects its value while remaining fair for both parties. Let's move forward with this deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while also acknowledging the seller's position. It allows us to move closer to an agreement that considers the strong market potential of the product. Let's finalize this deal.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5350. This price reflects my confidence in the product's strong market potential while acknowledging the buyer's recent offer of 5300. I believe this adjustment brings us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price is fair and reflects my confidence in the product's market potential while also remaining consistent with my previous offers. I want to keep the negotiations moving towards a mutually beneficial agreement.