Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a decent enhancement in model capabilities, which can be attractive to businesses looking to optimize their data processes. However, the lack of additional traits such as Data Life, History, and Market limits the ability to fully assess the product's potential. The capacity being sufficient suggests it can handle the needed workload, but the medium data entropy may imply some challenges in data consistency. Overall, while there is value due to the performance improvement, the unknown factors keep the valuation moderate.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a decent Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates potential for enhancing performance in applications. The capacity is adequate, and the data life is long, suggesting it can be utilized effectively over time. However, the medium data entropy and the market score of 0.3 imply that while there is some potential, the market demand may be limited. The absence of historical data could further hinder its perceived value. Considering these factors, a price of 1500 is reasonable.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1675.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the potential of the data product, which shows a decent Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 and has adequate capacity and longevity. While market demand may be limited, I believe the product's unique features justify this premium asking price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The seller's price seems significantly lower than the expected value of the data product, and while the performance improvement is noted, the limitations in market demand and other factors suggest a more conservative valuation. This offer reflects my willingness to negotiate while being mindful of the product's potential.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's decent performance improvements and unique features, while still acknowledging the current market demand. I believe this is a fair compromise between our previous offers.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the product's decent performance improvements and the current market conditions. It acknowledges the seller's offer while also reflecting my interest in securing a better deal.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1680. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's unique features and the current market demand, while also being a reasonable step forward in our negotiations.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1670. I believe this price strikes a solid compromise between the seller's valuation and my assessment of the product's value, while still recognizing the unique features that justify a slightly higher bid. Let's move closer to a deal.