Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 suggests a moderate level of effectiveness, which could be beneficial in practical applications. The capacity being "enough" indicates that the product is suitable for its intended use, and the medium data entropy suggests a balanced level of variability in the data, which can be advantageous for model training. However, the NULL values for data life and history indicate a lack of critical information, which lowers the overall confidence in the product\'s long-term value and reliability. Given the market score of 0.3, there is some demand, but it is on the lower side. Overall, the product has potential but also significant limitations due to the missing information.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating that it can enhance performance considerably. While the data entropy is medium and the history is not available, the long data life suggests that the product can remain relevant for a substantial time. The market rating is also at 0.3, indicating some demand. Thus, the price reflects the potential value it can offer in its capacity.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1675.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, indicating a considerable enhancement in performance, along with the long data life that suggests lasting relevance in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. The significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 is noted, but the NULL values for data life and history raise concerns about the product's long-term reliability and overall value. Given these limitations, a price of 1500 is more aligned with the product's potential while still reflecting confidence in its use.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. The value of the data product justifies a higher price due to its significant performance improvements, while still addressing concerns over NULL values. This price reflects the quality and reliability that potential buyers can expect.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The data product has potential, but I still have concerns about the long-term reliability due to NULL values. This offer reflects a fair compromise while acknowledging the improvements mentioned.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects the significant performance improvements and reliability of the product while addressing concerns about NULL values, making it a fair compromise between our previous offers.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's points about performance improvements while still reflecting my concerns regarding the long-term reliability of the product. This is a reasonable offer that respects the value of the product while maintaining a cautious stance.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects the significant performance improvements and reliability of the product, while also addressing concerns about NULL values that were previously raised. I believe this is a fair and competitive offer in light of our discussions.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price acknowledges the impressive performance improvements and reliability of the product while still addressing the concerns regarding NULL values. It's a reasonable step forward in our negotiations, reflecting my confidence in the value of the product while being mindful of the issues we've discussed.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1680. I believe this price reflects the product's strong performance improvements and reliability while addressing concerns about long-term use. It also shows my willingness to negotiate and come closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1670. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's efforts to highlight the product's performance improvements while still addressing my concerns regarding long-term reliability. It's a fair compromise that keeps us moving towards a mutually beneficial agreement.