Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity, which indicates it can handle a significant amount of data or workload. However, the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, Data Life, History, and Market suggests uncertainty in its overall effectiveness and relevance. Given these limitations, a moderate price is suggested.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can attract buyers looking for efficiency. The "enough" capacity suggests that the product can handle the required data load, while the medium data entropy implies a balance between complexity and usability. The long data life is a positive factor, indicating sustainability and potential long-term use. However, the absence of historical data and a low market score of 0.4 may restrict the product\'s attractiveness. Overall, considering these factors, a price of 2000 seems reasonable.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2025.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement, alongside the product¡¯s sufficient capacity and sustainability for long-term use. I believe this is a competitive offer given the product's potential value.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2000. Given the uncertainties surrounding the product's overall effectiveness and the limitations in the provided information, I believe this price reflects a fair starting point for our negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2400. This price reflects the product's proven performance and long-term value while addressing some uncertainties that I still have regarding its effectiveness. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the quality of the product while allowing for negotiation.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2300. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my concerns about the product's effectiveness. I believe it's a competitive offer that demonstrates my interest in reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2350. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the quality of the product and the buyer's previous offers. It allows us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement while still valuing the product's long-term potential.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2250. I believe this price strikes a balance between our previous discussions and the seller's current offer. It recognizes the value of the product while still being mindful of our budget constraints. This approach fosters a constructive dialogue towards achieving a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2300. This price reflects a balance between the value of the product and the concerns raised in our discussions. I believe this is a fair compromise that respects both our positions and can lead to a successful agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2200. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's position while still valuing the product's potential benefits. I'm confident this offer can facilitate a productive agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2250. This price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while still allowing for a constructive negotiation. I believe this aligns with the buyer's interest and acknowledges the quality of the product.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2150. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the value of the product and addressing my budget constraints. It shows my commitment to reaching an agreement while respecting the quality that has been discussed.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2200. This price reflects my appreciation for the product's value while also considering the buyer's previous offers and the need for a fair compromise. Let's move towards a successful agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2100. This price strikes a balance between recognizing the product's value and my previous offers, while also moving closer to a mutually beneficial agreement. Let's continue the negotiation towards a successful deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2150. I believe this price reflects the ongoing negotiation dynamics while acknowledging the value of the product. It's a fair compromise that can facilitate a productive agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2050. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's offer and recognizing the value I see in the product. It's a reasonable step towards closing the deal while allowing for further negotiation.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2100. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation of the product while also taking into account the buyer's previous offer. It balances the quality and potential of the product with the need for a reasonable agreement. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's recent offer while also reflecting my valuation of the product. It allows us to move closer to finalizing the deal, considering the ongoing negotiations and the potential of the product. Let's close this gap and reach an agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 2050. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the product's value and accommodating the buyer¡¯s previous offer, paving the way for a constructive agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this reflects a fair compromise given the previous discussions, acknowledging the product's value while remaining within my budgetary constraints. Let's move towards a resolution that benefits us both.