Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The market score of 0.4 suggests a moderate level of demand for the product, indicating that there is some potential value. However, the lack of information on key traits such as Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy limits the ability to assess the product\'s effectiveness fully. The capacity being "enough" does provide some assurance, but the overall uncertainty due to multiple NULL traits leads to a cautious valuation.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a decent model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3, combined with sufficient capacity and a long data life, which suggests it can provide reliable insights over time. The medium data entropy indicates that while the data may not be perfectly organized, it still holds valuable information. The market demand rating of 0.4 suggests there is some interest in the product, albeit not overwhelming. Overall, these traits indicate a moderate level of value, leading to the expected price of 15000.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the strong model performance improvement and the reliable insights this data product can provide over time, making it a valuable asset for any buyer.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. Given the moderate demand and uncertainty surrounding the product's key traits, this price reflects my cautious valuation. I believe it's a fair starting point considering the lack of detailed information on its effectiveness.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. I believe this price reflects the product's strong performance and overall value while taking into account the buyer's concerns about demand and effectiveness. It's a fair compromise that allows us to move forward.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I believe this price is a reasonable step towards finding common ground, reflecting my ongoing concerns about demand while still recognizing the product's potential value. This adjustment shows my willingness to negotiate and move forward.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. This reflects a reasonable adjustment while still emphasizing the strong value and performance of the product. I'm confident this price acknowledges both my position and the buyer's concerns about demand.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, considering the previous discussions around demand and the value of the product. It also reflects my willingness to negotiate while still being mindful of the seller's position.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14200. This price reflects the product's quality and my willingness to find a middle ground, while also considering the buyer's concerns about demand. Let's move forward and close this deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the product's potential while still considering my concerns about demand. I aim to find a balanced agreement that satisfies both parties. Let's continue to negotiate and work towards closing this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14100. The product's quality and performance continue to justify a higher price, but I am open to making a slight adjustment to facilitate progress in our negotiation.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I believe this reflects a fair compromise considering the slight adjustment from the seller's previous offer while still acknowledging my concerns about demand and the product's effectiveness. Let's work towards an agreement that benefits us both.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14050. The product's quality and performance justify this price, and I'm aiming to reach a fair compromise while still recognizing the buyer's concerns about demand.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 13950. The product's quality is acknowledged, but I still have concerns about the overall demand and effectiveness. This price reflects my willingness to negotiate while addressing those concerns.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14000. This price reflects the ongoing negotiations and the product's strong quality, making it a fair deal for both sides.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 13900. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between our previous discussions and acknowledges the product's quality while still addressing my concerns about demand. Let's move towards a conclusion that works for both of us.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 13950. The previous negotiations have shown a consistent interest from both sides, and I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while maintaining the value of the product.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 13850. I believe this price reflects a reasonable adjustment while still recognizing the quality and potential of the product. It allows us to move closer to a deal that respects both parties' interests and acknowledges the previous discussions we've had.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 13800. This price reflects my recognition of the ongoing negotiations and the need to find common ground while still valuing the quality of the product. Let's move towards a resolution that acknowledges both parties' interests.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 13700. I believe this price reflects a reasonable adjustment considering the seller's offer and acknowledges the ongoing negotiations while still respecting the value of the product. Let's continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 13750. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the quality of the product, while also addressing the buyer's concerns about demand.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 13650. I believe this price is a reasonable step down while still valuing the product's quality and addressing my concerns about demand. It reflects a willingness to come closer to the seller's offer while ensuring that I stay within my budget.