Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'Despite several traits being undefined (NULL), the product has a long data life and sufficient capacity, suggesting it can be valuable for long-term applications. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement and other traits limits confidence in its overall effectiveness and market positioning.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a significant enhancement, which adds value to the product. The medium data entropy suggests a reasonable level of complexity, while a long data life indicates sustainability. The market score of 0.4 implies a moderate demand, which further supports the valuation. However, the lack of historical data (NULL) limits the confidence in the price estimation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant value added by the model performance improvement and the sustainability indicated by the long data life. It positions our product as a premium offering in the market, aligning with the moderate demand we've observed.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. While I recognize the seller's claims of significant value, I believe the current offering lacks sufficient proof of model performance improvement and other essential traits to justify a premium price. My proposal reflects a more balanced assessment of the product's potential, given its undefined traits and medium confidence in its overall effectiveness.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 10000. This price reflects the premium quality and performance improvements of the product, while still considering the buyer's previous offer. It's a fair midpoint that acknowledges the value without undervaluing the product.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 9000. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's emphasis on the product's quality and performance improvements, while still accounting for the previous valuations. I believe this offer strikes a balanced approach, providing a fair value for both parties.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 9500. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the previous offers, acknowledging both the product's quality and the buyer's perspective while moving closer to a potential agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 9400. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's perspective while still valuing the product appropriately based on our previous discussions. I believe it represents a reasonable compromise as we move toward an agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 9500. I believe this price reflects the quality and performance of the product while remaining competitive based on our previous discussions.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 9400. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the value and quality of the product, considering our ongoing negotiations and the need for a reasonable compromise.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 9400. This price reflects a fair compromise based on our previous discussions and acknowledges the quality of the product while considering the buyer's perspective.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 9300. This price reflects my continued belief in fair negotiation while acknowledging the seller's last offer. It is a reasonable step towards closing this deal, considering the product's quality and the need for both parties to find common ground.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 9200. This price reflects the product's established quality and the ongoing negotiations while aiming for a reasonable compromise.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 9100. I believe this price represents a fair assessment of the product's quality while taking into account the seller's recent offer. It also reflects my continued commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement in this negotiation.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 9100. This price reflects the ongoing negotiations and maintains the product's perceived quality while acknowledging the buyer's previous offer. Let's move closer to a deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 9000. I believe this price continues to reflect the value of the product while also considering the seller's perspective. It shows my willingness to negotiate and get closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 9100. I believe this reflects a fair assessment of the product's quality while also considering the negotiations we've had so far. It shows a willingness to meet in the middle, and I hope we can reach an agreement that satisfies both parties.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 9000. I believe this price reflects both my appreciation for the product's quality and my desire to reach a fair agreement that acknowledges our ongoing negotiations. It's a reasonable step towards finalizing this deal while remaining mindful of the value we both see in the product.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 9100. I believe this price reflects the ongoing negotiations and recognizes the product's value while still aiming for a reasonable compromise.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 9000. I believe this offer reflects a fair compromise considering the product's perceived value and our previous discussions while still aiming for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 9000. This price reflects a fair assessment of the ongoing negotiations and acknowledges the buyer's perspective on the product's value while maintaining my position on quality.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 8900. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise while still considering the quality and potential value of the product. It shows my commitment to reaching an agreement while also acknowledging the seller's perspective.