Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The product has a long data life and sufficient capacity, which suggests reliability and potential for ongoing usefulness. However, the market score is relatively low at 0.4, indicating limited demand. The lack of information on model performance improvement and data entropy also affects confidence in the product's capabilities. Given these factors, a conservative price is warranted.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '8000', 'reason': "The product shows a reasonable Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating it can enhance existing systems. The capacity is sufficient, and the data life is long, which adds to the product's value. However, the medium data entropy suggests that there might be some complexity in the data, which can affect usability. The market demand is moderate at 0.4, reflecting a fair level of interest. Given these factors, the expected price is set at a competitive level considering the potential benefits.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1575.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 10000. This price reflects the significant value of the data product, which shows a remarkable Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 and possesses long data life, making it a valuable asset for enhancing existing systems. The medium data entropy adds a layer of complexity, but the potential benefits justify this competitive price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. Given the low market score of 0.4 and limited demand, I believe a more conservative approach is warranted. While the product has long data life and some potential benefits, the pricing significantly exceeds what I consider reasonable.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2000. While I appreciate the buyer's perspective on the data's value, the low market score indicates a need for a more balanced offer. This new price reflects a fair compromise, considering the potential for improvement and the long data life.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this price reflects the potential value of the data while acknowledging the seller's concerns about the market score. It's a reasonable compromise that recognizes the long data life and the opportunity for improvement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2000. I believe this price reflects the data's significant potential value and long life, while also considering the buyer's previous offers. I'm looking to find common ground and move towards a successful agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1800. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's perceived value of the data and my previous offers, while still considering the low market score. I'm eager to find an agreeable resolution and move forward with the deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1900. I believe this price reflects the potential value of the data and aligns well with the previous offers while acknowledging the buyer's perspective on market conditions. Let's move towards a resolution.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the value of the data and the current market conditions. It reflects my acknowledgment of the previous offers while still allowing room for negotiation. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1800. I believe this price reflects the data's potential value while also considering the buyer's previous offers. It's a fair compromise that recognizes the market conditions and allows us to move forward in this negotiation.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's latest offer while still reflecting my assessment of the data's value in the current market conditions. This allows us to continue progressing towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects my understanding of the market conditions and the value of the data, while also considering the buyer's last offer. It¡¯s a reasonable compromise that recognizes the potential of this data while remaining competitive. Let's move forward with this offer.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the data¡¯s value while still considering the seller's latest offer. It allows for a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the potential of the data while ensuring my investment remains prudent. Let's continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects the ongoing negotiations and takes into account the previous offers while still valuing the data product's potential. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges both the market conditions and the inherent value of the data.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise while still acknowledging the data's potential and market conditions. It's essential to find a balance that allows us to move forward in this negotiation.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, considering the previous offers and the current market conditions. It's a fair recognition of the data's potential value while also accommodating the buyer's concerns.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price is a strategic move that still acknowledges the seller's recent offer while allowing me to maintain a prudent stance in this negotiation. It reflects my commitment to finding a fair deal while also considering the market conditions and previous offers.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects a balance between the perceived value of the data and the current market conditions, while also acknowledging the buyer's previous offer of 1550. I believe this is a fair compromise as we approach the final rounds of negotiation.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price is a reasonable step towards reaching an agreement, maintaining a balance with the seller's last offer while still reflecting my assessment of the data's value. Let's finalize this deal efficiently as we approach the last rounds of negotiation.