Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity, which indicates it can handle a decent volume of data. However, the lack of additional information (with multiple NULL traits) limits the value assessment. Given the uncertainty, the price is modest and reflects the potential for use but does not capitalize on any strengths.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a reasonable enhancement in performance, which is likely to attract interest in the market. Additionally, the product has a low data entropy and a long data life, suggesting stability and reliability. However, the market score of 0.4 indicates moderate demand. Given these factors, a price of 5000 reflects the potential value while accounting for the moderate market interest and the lack of historical data.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 7000. This price reflects the strong Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, which indicates a significant enhancement in performance that can drive substantial interest in the market. Given the product's stability, low data entropy, and long data life, I believe this price captures the true value of the data product effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. The current offer of 7000 is significantly above my valuation considering the uncertainties and limitations in the data product's information. My price reflects a cautious approach to its potential, given the modest capabilities and lack of additional strengths.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2000. Given the ongoing discussions and the need to find common ground, I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise that values the product's potential while addressing initial concerns.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's perspective and recognizing the value I see in the product. It's a fair offer that encourages progress in our negotiations while remaining grounded in the realities we've discussed.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2100. This reflects my belief in the value of the product while still considering the buyer's previous offer. It's a reasonable increment that allows us to move forward while recognizing the potential of the data product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2000. This price reflects my ongoing recognition of the product's potential while still being mindful of the seller's previous offers. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the data product without overstretching my budget.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2050. This price reflects a balanced acknowledgment of the product's potential while considering the ongoing negotiations. It's a fair step forward that recognizes the buyer's confidence in the value of the data product while still aligning with my perspective.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price demonstrates my continued confidence in the value of the data product while still acknowledging the seller's latest offer. It reflects a reasonable compromise that aligns with our ongoing negotiations and recognizes the potential benefits of the product.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2000. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation of the data product while considering both its potential and the uncertainties we¡¯ve discussed. Let¡¯s continue to find common ground.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this price strikes a balance between the value of the data product and the considerations we've discussed regarding its potential and uncertainties. It's a reasonable step forward in our negotiation, and I'm optimistic we can reach an agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1950. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering our previous discussions and the potential of the product, while also addressing the uncertainties we've talked about.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1850. This price reflects a confident stance on the product's potential while acknowledging the seller's concerns and previous offers. It serves as a fair compromise that recognizes the value of the product and aims to reach an agreement beneficial for both parties.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1900. I believe this price reflects a balanced approach considering the product's capabilities and the buyer's previous offers, while still acknowledging the uncertainties we discussed.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1800. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation of the product while acknowledging the seller's previous offer of 1900. This price takes into account the ongoing discussions about the product's capabilities and uncertainties, while still being a reasonable step toward an agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1850. I believe this price fairly reflects the ongoing discussions and balances both the product's potential and the buyer's valuation while keeping the negotiation moving forward.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1750. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's offer and my valuation of the product, while also reflecting my continued interest in reaching a fair deal before the final rounds.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 1800. I believe this price reflects a reasonable balance between the product's potential and our ongoing discussions. It shows a willingness to progress while still valuing the quality and capabilities of the data product.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects a fair evaluation of the product while still acknowledging the seller's concerns and the need for progress in our negotiations. It represents a reasonable compromise that aligns with the current market value and the ongoing discussions we've had.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing discussions and the value of the product while also addressing the buyer's concerns about potential uncertainties.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the value of the product and addressing the seller's concerns while still being mindful of our ongoing negotiations. This offer demonstrates my commitment to reaching a fair agreement.