Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity, indicating it can handle the expected data volume, which is a positive aspect. However, the lack of information on other critical traits such as Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, Data Life, History, and Market makes it difficult to assess its overall value accurately. Given the uncertainty, a conservative valuation is appropriate.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The product shows a reasonable Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating it can enhance performance to some extent. The long data life suggests that the information will remain relevant for a significant period, which adds value. However, the medium data entropy indicates some complexity, and the market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand. The lack of historical data lowers confidence in predicting long-term success. Overall, the product has potential but is not without risks.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:4925.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 9000. This price reflects the product's reasonable Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, its long data life ensuring relevance, and the overall potential it carries despite some complexities and medium market demand. I believe this is a fair starting point for a product with such promising attributes.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. Given the uncertainty surrounding critical traits such as Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, Data Life, History, and Market, I believe a conservative valuation is more appropriate. The offered price of 9000 seems excessive considering these factors.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. The product has strong potential, and while there are complexities, I believe a price closer to 5000 reflects its value more accurately. This allows us to meet halfway and acknowledge the uncertainties while recognizing the product's capabilities.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4900. The seller's price of 5000 is appealing, but I believe that due to the existing uncertainties, a slightly lower price still acknowledges the product's potential while being more reflective of the risk involved. This way, we can move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement without overextending our positions.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5100. I believe this price reflects the product's strong potential while still considering the risks involved. It strikes a balance between our previous discussions and moves us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5000. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's potential while still acknowledging the inherent risks. It aligns closely with the seller's last offer and moves us toward a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5050. Given the ongoing discussions and the buyer's last offer of 5000, I believe this new price reflects a fair compromise while acknowledging the product's potential and remaining uncertainties. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5000. I believe this price reflects the ongoing discussions and aligns with the value we have previously discussed. It acknowledges the potential of the product while also considering the uncertainties involved. Let's work together to finalize this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5050. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that reflects the potential of the product while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about uncertainties. It positions us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4950. I believe this price recognizes the seller's recent offer while still reflecting the value I see in the product. It shows my willingness to negotiate and move towards a mutually beneficial agreement, keeping in mind the uncertainties that have been discussed.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5000. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's potential and the uncertainties we've been discussing, making it an attractive deal for both parties.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's perspective while still reflecting the product's potential. It allows us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement without straying too far from my previous considerations.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4950. This reflects a balanced approach considering the buyer's last offer of 5000 while taking into account the ongoing negotiations and the product's potential. I believe this price moves us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4900. This reflects my understanding of the product's value while considering the seller's recent offer. I believe this price demonstrates my willingness to negotiate further while still acknowledging the ongoing discussions and potential of the deal. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4950. I believe this reflects a reasonable compromise, considering the buyer's last offer of 4900 while still aligning with the perceived value of the product. Let's move forward toward an agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price reflects a fair value while acknowledging the seller's recent offer of 4950. It aligns with my previous offers and maintains a focus on reaching a mutually beneficial agreement. Let¡¯s make this deal happen.