Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The market value is at 0.5, indicating a moderate demand, and while many traits are NULL, the capacity being described as "enough" suggests that the product can serve its intended purpose. This gives it some base value despite the lack of detailed performance metrics.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product exhibits a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, suggesting it can enhance existing systems or processes effectively. The medium data entropy and long data life indicate a balanced quality and longevity of the data, making it valuable for users who require stable and reliable data inputs. The market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand, which could support a reasonable pricing structure. However, the lack of historical data may limit its appeal to more cautious buyers.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:805.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, which enhances existing systems effectively, alongside the balanced quality and longevity of the data. The current market dynamics suggest that this data product holds substantial value for users seeking reliable inputs.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 500. The significant gap between my offer and your price reflects the current market dynamics and the low confidence in the product's value due to the NULL traits and the moderate demand. I believe a more reasonable price is necessary to proceed.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1000. I believe this reflects a more realistic value given the current market conditions and my confidence in the product. This price also considers the moderate demand while acknowledging the potential for improvement in performance.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 900. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's potential while still acknowledging the seller's concerns about market demand and performance. It provides a reasonable step forward in our negotiations, showing my willingness to engage while maintaining a cautious approach.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 950. I believe this reflects a balanced perspective on the product's potential while still acknowledging the cautious market response. I see value in moving forward with a reasonable increase that bridges our previous discussions.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 850. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the seller's current offer and my assessment of the product's market potential. It reflects my willingness to negotiate while still being cautious about the investment.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 900. Given the previous rounds and the current market conditions, I believe this price reflects a realistic valuation of the product while recognizing the buyer's interest. It's a fair compromise that balances both parties' perspectives on the product's potential and market value.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 800. This price reflects my assessment of the current market conditions and my belief in the product's potential value, while also considering the seller's cautious approach. It strikes a balance between our previous offers and allows us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 850. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the previous offers and the ongoing market conditions. It acknowledges the buyer's perspective while still maintaining a cautious approach on my part.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 800. This price reflects my continued assessment of the product's value and current market conditions, while still recognizing the seller's perspective. It represents a fair compromise that maintains my stance in the negotiation.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 825. This price reflects a cautious but optimistic view of the product's value, considering the previous offers and the market conditions. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the buyer's perspective while maintaining my confidence in the product's potential.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 800. This price reflects my continued assessment of the product's value and market conditions while maintaining a fair balance between our negotiations. It acknowledges the seller's cautious approach while still being aligned with my budget constraints.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 810. I believe this is a fair and reasonable price that reflects both the current market conditions and the cautious optimism surrounding the product's potential. This amount takes into account the buyer's previous offer while still allowing room for negotiation.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 800. I believe this price is a fair compromise that reflects my ongoing confidence in the product's potential, while also considering the seller's cautious approach. It allows us to stay within a reasonable range and keeps the negotiation moving forward.