Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity and a medium level of data entropy, suggesting it may be valuable for certain applications. However, the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement and Data Life limits its overall appeal. The market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand, which contributes to a cautious valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': "The product shows a decent Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating it can enhance existing models. The market value is relatively good at 0.5, suggesting there is some demand for this product. The capacity is sufficient and the data life is long, which adds to its potential longevity in the market. However, the medium data entropy indicates a moderate level of complexity which may limit its attractiveness to certain users. The lack of historical data (NULL) does slightly diminish confidence in the reliability of the product's performance over time.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:14375.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 and the strong market demand indicated by a value of 0.5. The product's longevity and sufficient capacity also contribute to its high potential, making it a valuable investment for buyers looking to enhance their models effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. Given the moderate demand indicated by a market score of 0.5 and the limitations regarding Model Performance Improvement and Data Life, I believe this price reflects a more cautious valuation of the product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. I believe this price reflects the significant model performance improvement and the strong market demand we¡¯re seeing, while still addressing my cautious valuation concerns. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges the potential of this product.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I believe this price represents a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's concerns while still valuing the model's improvements and market demand. Let's continue to work toward a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. Given the buyer's last offer of 14000, I believe this is a reasonable and fair adjustment that reflects the strong market demand while also taking into account my cautious valuation concerns.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects my willingness to negotiate while still valuing the product based on market demand and performance improvements. Let's find a middle ground that works for both of us.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects the balance between the market demand and the product's value, and it continues to show my willingness to negotiate while being mindful of my valuation concerns.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14300. I believe this price strikes a strong balance between my valuation and the seller's concerns while still reflecting the competitive nature of the market. It shows my commitment to negotiate fairly while keeping my budget in mind.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14450. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while acknowledging the buyer's willingness to meet close to my previous offers. Let's find a common ground that satisfies both of us.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14300. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that considers the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my assessment of the product's value and market conditions. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation that considers the recent negotiations while acknowledging the buyer's willingness to engage at a competitive level.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14350. I believe this price strikes a balance between both our valuations while still reflecting the ongoing market demand and the improvements in the product. It's a competitive offer that shows my willingness to engage further in this negotiation.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between market demand and the value of the product, allowing us to move closer to a successful agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14300. This price reflects my continued commitment to negotiate fairly while considering the market dynamics and product value. I believe it's a reasonable step towards closing the deal.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14450. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise between current market demand and the product's value, while also allowing us to move closer to a successful agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14350. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that reflects the ongoing negotiations and takes into account the market dynamics we've discussed so far. It shows my commitment to reaching an agreement while still valuing the product appropriately.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 14400. I believe this price strikes a balance between the buyer's previous offer and my valuation, reflecting the product's value while also considering the ongoing negotiations.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 14350. I believe this price reflects my continued commitment to finding a middle ground between our valuations while also considering the product's value and market dynamics. This offer is competitive and reasonable, keeping in line with the last rounds of negotiation.