Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The product shows a moderate model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3 and has sufficient capacity, which indicates it can handle the demands of users. The market rating of 0.5 suggests there is a decent level of demand. However, the medium data entropy and the absence of data life and history information limit the confidence in the product's long-term value. Thus, the expected price reflects a balance between its capabilities and the uncertainties present.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 and has a long data life, indicating potential for sustained value. The capacity is sufficient, and while the data entropy is medium, it suggests a balanced level of unpredictability. The market score of 0.5 indicates a decent demand, but the lack of historical data may limit confidence in future performance. Overall, the combination of these traits suggests a reasonable valuation within a competitive market.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:4725.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 and the long data life, which indicates sustained value. The data's potential for balanced unpredictability and decent market demand justifies this premium.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. While the seller emphasizes the data's potential and moderate performance, I believe the current uncertainties, such as the medium data entropy and absence of detailed history, warrant a much lower price. My offer reflects a more cautious approach to the perceived value of this product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. I believe this price reflects a more balanced view of the product's potential while still acknowledging the uncertainties we've discussed. I'm confident this is a fair midpoint that recognizes the sustained value of the model's performance.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the model's potential and the uncertainties we've discussed. It acknowledges the sustained value while also considering the caution needed in this negotiation.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 4900. This reflects my recognition of the model's potential while remaining cautious about its perceived value, aligning closely with your last offer. Let's find a fair compromise that acknowledges both our perspectives.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, taking into account the potential of the model while still being cautious about its value. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement that respects both our positions.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 4900. I believe this price reflects the balance between the model's potential and the cautious approach necessary given the uncertainties we've discussed. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the value while remaining prudent. Let's move forward with this offer.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects a cautious yet competitive stance, given the current market dynamics and the previous discussions we've had. It's a reasonable offer that acknowledges the seller's concerns while still pushing for a fair deal. Let's work towards an agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 4850. This price reflects a slight adjustment considering the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's recent offer of 4800. I believe it's a fair compromise that acknowledges the model's potential while still addressing the uncertainties involved. Let's find a resolution that works for both of us.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4750. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance, reflecting my continued interest in the product while remaining cautious in light of the ongoing negotiations and the seller's previous offer. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 4800. This price reflects my understanding of the model's value and the need to find a reasonable middle ground, considering the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's last offer.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4750. I believe this price takes into account the seller's last offer while still reflecting my position on the value of the model. It maintains a balance between my budget and the seller's expectations, aiming for a feasible agreement as we continue these negotiations.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects a balanced acknowledgment of the model's potential while also considering the buyer's concerns and budget constraints. Let's move towards a fruitful agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4750. I believe this price maintains a fair balance, reflecting both my appreciation for the model's capabilities and my commitment to staying within budget. Let's work towards finalizing this agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4800. This price reflects a solid understanding of the model's potential while being mindful of the current market dynamics. It balances both parties' interests and aims for a constructive resolution as we approach the end of our negotiation process.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4700. I believe this price still captures the value of the model while remaining mindful of our budget constraints. It serves as a reasonable step towards closing this deal, reflecting both our interests as we approach the final stages of our negotiation.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 4750. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the model's potential and the buyer's budget constraints while also reflecting the ongoing negotiations. Let's work towards closing this deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 4700. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise between both parties' expectations and acknowledges the ongoing negotiations. It also positions us closer to finalizing the deal while still recognizing the model's potential value in the market. Let's work towards a resolution.