Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity, which indicates it can handle a reasonable amount of data processing or storage. However, the lack of information regarding model performance improvement, data entropy, data life, history, and market conditions significantly limits the confidence in its overall value. Given these constraints, a moderate price is suggested.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 which indicates it can enhance existing models effectively. However, the high data entropy suggests that while the data is diverse and rich, it may also be complex to interpret. The short data life implies that the product may need frequent updates or replacements, which could deter some buyers. The market score of 0.3 indicates moderate demand, but the lack of historical data limits confidence in long-term viability. Considering all these factors, a price of 1500 reflects its potential value in the market.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1625.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of the data product, which indicates its potential to enhance existing models effectively. Despite the complexities due to high data entropy and short data life, I believe the value it brings justifies a higher starting price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. While I appreciate the potential benefits mentioned, the concerns regarding data entropy and short data life significantly affect my confidence in the product's value. Thus, I believe a lower starting price is more appropriate for this negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. The value of the data product remains high due to its significant model performance improvements, and I believe this price reflects both its worth and the ongoing challenges we face. Let's find common ground to move forward.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The value of the data product is still a concern for me due to the challenges mentioned, and while I recognize the improvements in model performance, I feel this price better reflects my reservations. Let's work together to reach an agreement that addresses both our needs.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the improvements in model performance while still considering the buyer's hesitations about the product's value. It's a fair compromise that allows us to move forward in this negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while still addressing my concerns regarding its performance and longevity. It's a reasonable step that shows my willingness to negotiate while ensuring I don't overcommit.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects the improvements in model performance while still addressing the concerns regarding data entropy and short data life. I believe this is a fair and mutually beneficial price for both parties.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price acknowledges the improvements in model performance while still reflecting my concerns about data entropy and short data life. It strikes a balance between the value I see in the product and the risks involved, making it a fair deal for both of us.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects the significant improvements in model performance while still addressing the concerns that have been raised. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the value of the data product while balancing the associated risks.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price acknowledges the improvements in model performance while still reflecting my concerns about data entropy and the short data life. I believe it presents a reasonable balance between the value of the data product and the risks involved.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects the significant model performance improvements while still acknowledging the buyer's concerns about data entropy and short data life. It represents a balanced approach that I believe is fair for both parties.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price acknowledges the improvements in model performance while still considering my concerns about data entropy and the short data life. It strikes a balance that reflects the value of the product without overstating its worth.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects the significant improvements in model performance while also addressing the concerns about data entropy and short data life. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the product while still being mindful of the buyer's perspective.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price acknowledges the seller's improvements in model performance but also reflects my ongoing concerns regarding data entropy and the short data life of the product. It's a reasonable offer that seeks to balance both perspectives while remaining within the acceptable range.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects the improvements in model performance while still addressing the concerns about data entropy and short data life. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the product while being considerate of the buyer's perspective.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the acknowledged improvements in model performance and the ongoing concerns regarding data entropy and short data life. It¡¯s a reasonable compromise that respects both our positions in this negotiation.