Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a market score of 0.3, indicating some demand, but the lack of specific traits like Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy suggests a limited understanding of its capabilities and value. Given the market presence, a moderate price is justified, but the uncertainty from the NULL traits reduces overall confidence in its valuation.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 suggests a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be appealing to potential users. However, the high data entropy and short data life indicate challenges in data stability and longevity. The market score of 0.3 suggests limited demand, which could hinder pricing power. Overall, while there is some value due to performance enhancement, the uncertainties in data quality and market demand temper the price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1657.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the value of the data product, considering its potential for performance enhancement despite the challenges in data stability and longevity. The moderate improvement in model performance can drive interest, and I believe this price captures that potential effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price reflects the uncertainties surrounding the data product's capabilities and the limited understanding of its true value, given the market score of 0.3. I believe this offer is reasonable considering the challenges you've mentioned.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. The previous discussions have shown a willingness to negotiate, and I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while recognizing the potential of the data product despite its uncertainties.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price reflects my recognition of the potential value of the data product while also considering the uncertainties highlighted in our discussions. I believe this is a fair step forward in our negotiations.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1660. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's potential and the uncertainties we've discussed. I'm confident this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the value and the risks associated with the data product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1655. This price not only acknowledges your recent offer but also reflects my continued belief in the potential value of the data product, despite the uncertainties we've discussed. I am confident this is a step towards a mutually beneficial agreement.