Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity for use, but the high data entropy suggests that the data is complex and may be challenging to interpret. The short data life indicates the data may become obsolete quickly, which could limit its long-term value. Given the lack of insights from the NULL traits, the valuation is conservative.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which could attract interest in the market. However, the high data entropy suggests that the data could be complex or noisy, potentially complicating its usability. The short data life implies that the product may not have long-term value, which could limit its appeal. The market score of 0.3 shows that demand may be low, impacting the overall price. Given these traits, the expected price reflects a balance between moderate performance improvement and significant limitations.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1462.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate performance improvement of the data product, which could be very appealing in the market, despite its complexities and short data life. I believe this price captures the potential value it can bring to the right buyer.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. The complexities and short data life of the product significantly impact its long-term value, and my offer reflects a conservative valuation considering these factors.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. The product has shown moderate performance improvements and does possess market appeal, but I still believe its complexities and short data life warrant a cautious approach to pricing. This new offer reflects a balanced valuation between our previous discussions.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1500. The product's moderate performance improvements and market appeal are acknowledged, but I still have concerns regarding its complexities and short data life. This price reflects a fair valuation while allowing for some negotiation space.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1550. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's moderate performance and market appeal, while also acknowledging its complexities and limited data lifespan.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1500. This price not only acknowledges the seller's recent offer but also reflects my assessment of the data product's moderate performance and market appeal, while remaining cautious of its complexities and limited data lifespan. This is a fair compromise that allows us to move forward in our negotiations.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects the product's moderate performance improvement and market appeal while recognizing its complexities and short data life. It strikes a balance between both parties¡¯ assessments and allows for a fair negotiation moving forward.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price is fair considering the ongoing concerns about the product's complexities and short data life, while still acknowledging its moderate performance improvement and market appeal. It allows us to move forward in our negotiations effectively.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1550. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the data product's moderate performance and market appeal while acknowledging its complexities and short data life.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price is reasonable given the product's moderate performance and market appeal, especially considering the seller's acknowledgment of its complexities and short data life. This price strikes a balance that reflects the value while still allowing for a fruitful negotiation.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1500. This price reflects a balanced view of the product's moderate performance and market appeal while acknowledging its complexities and short data life. I believe this is a fair and reasonable offer that allows us to move forward.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1450. This price considers the seller's viewpoint while still reflecting my assessment of the product's moderate performance and inherent complexities. It's a step closer to a fair agreement that acknowledges both sides.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1500. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's moderate performance and market appeal while considering its complexities and short data life. It aligns with previous negotiations and provides a solid basis for a potential agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1450. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's valuation while still reflecting my assessment of the product's moderate performance and market appeal. It's a fair step forward in our negotiations.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1475. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while considering its complexities and the short data life. It's a competitive offer that acknowledges the buyer's previous concerns while remaining within a reasonable range.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1450. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise given the seller's recent offer and the product¡¯s complexities and short data life. It also reflects my continued interest in reaching an agreement while recognizing the value of the product.