Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': "The product has sufficient capacity and a moderate market rating of 0.3, indicating some demand. However, the high data entropy and short data life suggest that the data may not be highly reliable or long-lasting, which could limit its overall value. The NULL traits (Model Performance Improvement, History) reduce confidence in the product's potential effectiveness and usability.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 suggests a moderate enhancement in model performance, which can be attractive to potential buyers. However, the high data entropy indicates complexity and potential challenges in usability. The short data life could limit its long-term value, and the lack of historical data may deter some buyers. Given the market score of 0.3, there appears to be a low demand. Overall, while there is some value due to MPI, the short data life and high entropy reduce the overall attractiveness.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1707.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in model performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, which adds significant value to the data product despite its complexities and limitations.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. The seller's current offer of 1800 still exceeds my budget, and given the data¡¯s limitations along with its moderate market rating, I believe 1700 is a fair price reflecting its actual value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the moderate performance improvement noted by the buyer while still considering the data's limitations and market rating. It strikes a balance that I believe is fair for both parties.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1725. This price recognizes the seller's moderate performance improvement while still being mindful of the data's limitations and the current market conditions. It strikes a reasonable compromise, ensuring both parties feel valued in this negotiation.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects a balanced approach, considering the moderate performance improvements while also acknowledging the current market conditions. I believe it's a fair compromise that aligns with our previous discussions.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1725. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise between our positions, acknowledging the seller¡¯s offer while still aligning with the value I see in the performance improvements. I am confident this is a fair step towards closing our deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the data's value, taking into account the performance improvements while still being mindful of the market dynamics we¡¯ve discussed.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price reflects my assessment of the current market dynamics and the data's limitations, allowing for a fair negotiation while remaining competitive.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1725. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the previous offers and the market dynamics, while also acknowledging the buyer's position on performance improvements.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the value I place on the data product, considering the previous negotiations and the current market conditions. It aligns with my previous stance while also providing room for negotiation.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1725. This price reflects a reasonable balance between the previous offers and acknowledges the buyer's position while still aligning with my assessment of the data product's value.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price reflects my assessment of the data product's limitations while still recognizing the seller's position. It's a fair compromise that aligns with previous offers and maintains a balance between value and market expectations.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1710. This price reflects a slight increase while still acknowledging the buyer's position and the market dynamics we've discussed. It aims to find a fair middle ground that recognizes the value of the data product while remaining competitive.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1705. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's recent offer while still aiming to find a favorable deal that acknowledges both the data product's value and my budget constraints. I believe this is a fair and competitive position to move forward in our negotiations.