Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a notable enhancement in model performance, which is valuable in data-driven industries. However, the lack of additional traits such as market demand, data entropy, and history limits a comprehensive evaluation of the product's overall value. Given these factors, a moderate price reflects the potential while accounting for the uncertainties.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates a potential for enhancing existing models but may not be groundbreaking. The capacity is sufficient, suggesting that it can handle the necessary data processing needs. However, the high data entropy and short data life imply that the data may not be very stable or reliable over time, which could limit its long-term value. The market score of 0.3 also reflects a low demand or niche market for this product. Given these factors, the expected price is moderate.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1670.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the sufficient capacity of the data product, while also considering its potential to enhance existing models. The data's high entropy and short life do present limitations, but I'm confident in the value it can bring to the right buyer.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The significant Model Performance Improvement and the potential to enhance existing models are acknowledged, but I believe the limitations regarding data entropy and short life must be considered, justifying a more conservative price.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects the data's moderate performance improvement and capacity while acknowledging its limitations and potential concerns about entropy and lifespan. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the value of the data while still considering the buyer's perspective.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the moderate performance improvements and capacity of the data while still addressing the concerns about its limitations and lifespan. This offer reflects my commitment to finding a fair agreement that works for both sides.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1680. The data has demonstrated decent performance potential, and I believe this price reflects a fair balance considering its limitations and lifespan concerns. Let's find a middle ground that works for both of us.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1660. I believe this price acknowledges the data's moderate performance potential while still addressing the concerns surrounding its limitations and lifespan. It's a fair compromise that moves us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.