Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which could attract interest from potential users. However, the short data life and lack of additional information (such as data entropy, history, and market) limit the product's overall value. Given these factors, a price of 1500 reflects its potential while accounting for uncertainties.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be appealing to users. The capacity being "enough" suggests that it can handle a reasonable amount of data, but the high data entropy may indicate complexity or unpredictability in the data set. The short data life limits the product\'s longevity and usability, which could deter long-term investments. Given the low market score of 0.3, it reflects limited demand. Overall, the product has some value due to its performance but is constrained by its other traits.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1357.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 3000. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the model performance improvement of 0.3, as well as the product's reasonable capacity. Despite some limitations such as high data entropy and a short data life, the product still holds significant value in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1200. Given the product's limitations such as high data entropy and short data life, I believe this price reflects a more accurate valuation while still acknowledging the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the model performance improvement of 0.3.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1500.0. This price better reflects the value of the product while acknowledging the potential for performance improvement that the buyer has pointed out. I believe it's a fair compromise that recognizes both the limitations and the market opportunities.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1400.0. This price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's perspective on product limitations while also recognizing its potential value in the market. I believe it's a reasonable offer that can help us move forward in our negotiations.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1450. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between the value of the product and the buyer's previous offer, acknowledging both the limitations and the potential for future improvements.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1400. I believe this price strikes a balance by acknowledging the seller's value proposition while still respecting the product's limitations. It maintains a competitive stance in the negotiation, showing my willingness to engage seriously in this deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1450. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the product's value while also considering its limitations. This aligns closely with the buyer's previous offer and keeps the negotiation moving forward productively.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1400. I believe this price strikes a balance between the product's limitations and its potential value, reflecting my previous stance while still showing flexibility in the negotiation. This offer keeps the dialogue progressing toward a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1400. I believe this is a fair price that acknowledges both the limitations of the product and its potential for improvement while remaining competitive in the market.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1350. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the product's limitations while still recognizing its potential value in the market. It provides a fair balance that I hope the seller will consider.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1400. I believe this price represents a fair value that acknowledges both the product's limitations and its potential, aligning closely with the buyer's perspective. Let's find a resolution that works for both of us.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1350. I believe this price continues to reflect a fair compromise, recognizing the product's limitations while also valuing its potential. It positions us closer to a resolution that acknowledges both parties' perspectives.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1375. I believe this price reflects a reasonable middle ground, taking into account both the product's limitations and the buyer's perspective on its value. Let's find a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' interests.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1350. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the previous offers and the product's limitations. It acknowledges the seller's perspective while still aligning with my valuation of the product. Let's move forward and find common ground.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1360. Given the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's consistent offers around 1350, I believe this price strikes a balance between the product's limitations and its potential value. It reflects a slight increase while still being reasonable for both parties involved.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1355. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, remaining close to my previous offers while acknowledging the seller's latest proposal. It demonstrates my willingness to negotiate while still recognizing the product's limitations and potential value.