Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in the model's performance, which can be valuable in data-centric applications. However, the short data life and the presence of NULL traits like Data Entropy and History suggest limited long-term utility and uncertainty about the product's consistency. The market score of 0.3 indicates that there is some demand, but it is not strong. Overall, while the product has potential, its limitations warrant a cautious price.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3 suggests a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be appealing in certain markets. However, the high data entropy indicates complexity and potential challenges in data consistency. The short data life may limit the product's utility, affecting its long-term value. The market score of 0.3 suggests limited demand. Overall, while there are some positive aspects, the constraints may balance out the valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1725.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate performance improvement indicated by the model, along with the complexity of the data which may add value in the right market context. Despite some constraints, I believe this product has the potential to deliver significant benefits, justifying the higher price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. While I acknowledge the potential benefits of the product, I believe that the constraints and limitations warrant a more cautious approach to pricing. Given the moderate performance improvement and market demand, 1700 reflects a fair value that aligns with my assessment of the data's long-term utility.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the moderate performance improvement and the constraints that justify a strategic pricing approach. It positions us for a fair deal while acknowledging the product's potential value.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1725. This price is a fair compromise that recognizes the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my view of the product's potential value and performance improvement. It positions us for a constructive negotiation moving forward.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects a fair balance considering the moderate performance improvements and allows us to continue productive negotiations while acknowledging the constraints we've discussed.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1725. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between the value of the product and the performance improvements we¡¯ve discussed, while still showing my willingness to negotiate further. Let's move forward constructively.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the moderate performance improvements while also acknowledging the constraints we've discussed. This will allow us to move forward in a constructive manner.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1725. I believe this price continues to reflect a balanced view of the product's moderate performance improvements while maintaining a constructive negotiation approach. This allows us to inch closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects a balanced approach considering the ongoing negotiation dynamics and the value of the product in relation to its performance improvements.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1725. I believe this price strikes a fair compromise, reflecting the product's value while also considering the seller's perspective on performance improvements. Let's find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the moderate performance improvements of the product while also keeping in mind the constraints and limitations discussed previously. Let's move forward towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1725. I believe this price continues to reflect a fair assessment of the product's value and performance improvements while keeping the negotiation constructive. Let's aim to finalize this deal in a way that benefits both parties.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1730. I believe this price reflects a reasonable balance between the product's value and the buyer's consistent offers, while also allowing for some negotiation flexibility.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1720. I believe this price strikes a good balance between the seller's offer and my previous consistent offers, while still recognizing the value of the product. This is a reasonable step towards reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.