Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be attractive in data-driven industries. The 'enough' capacity implies that the product can handle current demand. However, the high data entropy suggests complexity, which may limit usability for some users. The absence of data life, history, and market information reduces the confidence in the product's stability and market fit, hence the price reflects a cautious valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3 suggests a moderate enhancement in effectiveness, which can make the product appealing in specific markets. However, the high data entropy indicates complexity and potential challenges in data handling, while the short data life may limit long-term usability. These factors balance the potential market demand, which is also measured at 0.3, indicating modest interest. Overall, the product has some value due to its performance but is constrained by its high data entropy and short lifespan.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1567.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the value derived from the model's performance improvement, which can significantly enhance effectiveness in targeted markets, despite the complexity and short lifespan of the data. I believe this price captures the potential worth of the product while considering its unique characteristics.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. While I recognize the potential of the model's performance improvement, the complexity and lack of data history significantly limit its overall usability and market fit. Therefore, I believe 1500 is a fair starting point that reflects the cautious nature of my valuation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects the value of the data product, considering its potential performance improvement while addressing my concerns about usability and market fit. It¡¯s a fair compromise that acknowledges both the quality of the product and the buyer's budget.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1550. This price reflects my appreciation for the quality of the data product while also addressing the concerns over usability and market fit that were mentioned. I believe this is a reasonable and fair offer that shows my commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1575. I believe this price reflects the valuable performance improvements of the data product while also considering the usability concerns that have been raised. This is a fair midpoint that acknowledges both the quality of the offering and the market conditions.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1560. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the product's quality and performance improvements while still addressing the usability concerns that have been discussed. This offer is reasonable and demonstrates my commitment to reaching a fair agreement.