Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a reasonable enhancement to model accuracy or efficiency, which can attract buyers. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle the necessary data load. However, the high data entropy implies complexity and potential challenges in data usage. The NULL values for Data Life and History limit the understanding of the product\'s longevity and historical performance, which could deter some buyers. The market score of 0.3 indicates a relatively low demand but not negligible. Overall, the product has some valuable traits, but the NULL values reduce confidence in its overall potential.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model shows a notable performance improvement (MPI of 0.3), which indicates it can enhance existing systems or processes significantly. However, the high data entropy suggests that the data is complex and potentially difficult to work with, while the short data life implies limited usability over time. The market score of 0.3 indicates some demand, but it is not robust. Given these factors, the product has value, but the limitations reduce its overall price potential.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1655.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant performance improvement the data product brings, despite its complexities and limitations. I believe this value is justified given the potential it holds for enhancing existing systems or processes.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. While the performance improvement of the data product is noted, the significant complexities and limitations, along with the NULL values, suggest a higher risk. I'm looking for a more reasonable starting point that reflects these considerations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects a reasonable compromise while still acknowledging the significant performance enhancements that my product brings to the table. It addresses the buyer's concerns about complexity while emphasizing the value offered.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price better reflects the inherent risks associated with the complexities of the product while still recognizing the value it provides. It¡¯s a fair compromise that allows us to move forward constructively.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. The product delivers exceptional performance and value, and I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges both its capabilities and the associated complexities.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price acknowledges the product's value while still considering the complexities involved. It strikes a fair balance that allows us to move forward in this negotiation.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects the exceptional performance and value of the product while acknowledging the ongoing discussions and the buyer's last offer. It represents a fair compromise that recognizes both the product's worth and the complexities involved.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price acknowledges the product's value while also factoring in the complexities we've discussed. It strikes a balance that reflects the risks involved while still recognizing the exceptional performance the seller has highlighted.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1675. This price reflects the exceptional value and performance of the product while considering the discussions we've had about its complexities. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes both the product's worth and the buyer's concerns.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price continues to reflect the exceptional value of the product while also taking into account the complexities we've discussed. It¡¯s a reasonable offer that aligns with our previous discussions and acknowledges the seller's position without overextending my budget.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1660. This price reflects the exceptional value and performance of the product while also taking into account the ongoing discussions and the buyer's recent offers. I believe it's a fair compromise that recognizes both the quality and the complexities involved.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise, reflecting both the product's exceptional performance and the complexities we've discussed. It also aligns closely with previous offers we've made, balancing value and budget considerations effectively.