Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 and sufficient capacity, which indicates some potential for performance enhancement in the target application. However, the high data entropy suggests that the data may be complex and less predictable, which could limit usability. The short data life indicates that the product may not have long-term value, but the current market demand is also moderate at 0.3. Given these mixed traits, the valuation reflects a cautious optimism about its immediate applicability and potential buyers.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate level of improvement, which can be attractive to certain market segments. However, the high data entropy and short data life suggest that the product may be less stable and have a limited useful timeframe. The market score of 0.3 indicates low demand. Overall, the product has potential but is limited by its characteristics, leading to a mid-range valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the moderate improvement potential of the product, which could attract specific market segments despite its limitations. I'm confident that its unique features justify this valuation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. Given the product's moderate Model Performance Improvement, complex data entropy, and short data life, I believe this price reflects a cautious yet reasonable valuation of its immediate applicability and potential buyers.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2000. The product has unique features that increase its market appeal, but I still want to be reasonable in my valuation given its limitations.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1900. The unique features of the product certainly add value, but I believe the limitations still require a more conservative approach to the pricing. This offer reflects a fair balance between the product's appeal and its constraints.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2100. I believe this reflects a fair value for the product, considering its unique features and the market's potential while still being a reasonable step forward from the previous round's offers.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price reflects a balanced approach, taking into account the product's unique features while also considering its limitations. It's a reasonable step forward from my previous offer and aligns closely with the seller's perspective, showcasing my willingness to negotiate.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2050. I believe this price strikes a balance between the product's unique features and its limitations, reflecting a fair valuation that can lead us closer to a deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price is a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's unique features while also considering its limitations. This amount represents a reasonable valuation that can facilitate our progression towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2025. This price reflects a modest increase while still acknowledging the buyer's previous offer of 2050. It balances the product's unique features and limitations, aiming for a mutually beneficial agreement as we move forward in the negotiation.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation that acknowledges the product's unique features while also considering its limitations. It aligns with our previous discussions and serves as a solid foundation for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2000. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's unique features while acknowledging its limitations. It represents a fair compromise that can lead us towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the product's unique features and its acknowledged limitations. It reflects my continued interest while being mindful of the need for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1950. Given the ongoing discussions and the buyer's consistent offers around 2000, I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while still valuing the unique features of the product.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the value of the product's unique features while also considering the limitations we've discussed. Let's move closer to a deal that benefits both of us.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1950. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the buyer's recent offers while still acknowledging the product's unique features and market potential. Let's move forward and find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1850. This price represents a fair evaluation of the product's unique features while still being mindful of its limitations. I believe it strikes a good balance between our previous discussions and allows us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 1900. I believe this price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's unique features while also acknowledging its limitations. It's a fair compromise that aligns with previous discussions and maintains the potential for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 1800. This price recognizes the product's unique features while also considering its limitations. It represents a thoughtful step closer to a mutually beneficial agreement, reflecting my commitment to finding a fair resolution for both parties.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 1850. This price acknowledges the buyer's recent offer of 1800 while also reflecting the unique features and market appeal of the product. It's a balanced approach that recognizes both the strengths and limitations of the product, aiming for a constructive resolution.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 1750. I believe this price is a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting the product's unique features and market potential. It's a reasonable step towards concluding this deal effectively.