Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'Although several traits are NULL, the capacity is stated to be "enough," suggesting that the product can handle a sufficient amount of data, which is a positive indicator. However, the lack of information on model performance, data entropy, data life, and market conditions limits confidence in the valuation. The estimated price reflects a cautious approach, taking into account the potential value but acknowledging significant uncertainties.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement over existing solutions, while the market score of 0.4 suggests some demand exists. However, high data entropy implies that the data is complex and potentially valuable for certain applications. The short data life may reduce longevity but can appeal to industries that require rapid adaptation. The lack of historical data reduces confidence, but the combination of traits still supports a reasonable price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:7625.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 9000. This price reflects the unique complexity and moderate performance improvement of the data product, which can be highly valuable for industries seeking rapid adaptation and innovation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. This price reflects my cautious approach considering the uncertainties surrounding the data product's performance and value. While I acknowledge the seller's view on the product's complexity, I believe my offer is more aligned with the inherent risks involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 8000. This price reflects the substantial value and potential of the data product while also considering the buyer's concerns. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the risks involved while still highlighting the product's worth.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 7800. This price reflects my recognition of the value of the data product while still addressing my concerns regarding performance risks. I believe this is a reasonable step toward achieving a fair agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 7900. This price reflects the value of the data product while considering the buyer's previous offer and the inherent worth of the product. I believe this is a fair compromise that addresses both parties' concerns.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 7800. This price acknowledges the seller's previous offer while still considering my concerns about performance risks. It's a reasonable value that reflects my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 7850.0. This price reflects my confidence in the quality and potential of the data product, while also acknowledging your latest offer. I believe this is a fair compromise that addresses both our interests.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 7750.0. While I recognize the seller's confidence and the value of the data product, I still have some reservations regarding performance risks. This offer reflects my continued interest in reaching a fair agreement while being mindful of my budget.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 7800. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the value of the data product and the buyer's concerns regarding performance risks. It's a competitive offer that acknowledges the buyer's willingness to invest while emphasizing the product's potential.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 7750. I believe this price maintains a balance between reflecting my confidence in the data product and addressing the seller's need for a competitive offer. It shows that I am still serious about this deal while being mindful of performance concerns.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 7850. The data product has significant value and potential, and I believe this price reflects both its worth and the ongoing negotiations. I'm aiming for a fair compromise that acknowledges the buyer's concerns while still emphasizing the quality of the product.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 7750. The data product does hold value, but I believe that my offer still reflects the performance risks and uncertainties that we have discussed in previous rounds. I am committed to reaching a fair agreement, but I need to ensure that my investment aligns with my concerns regarding the product's performance.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 7800. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing discussions and the value of the data product, while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns about performance risks. Let's move forward and find common ground.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 7700. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while also addressing the ongoing performance risks I've highlighted in our discussions. I'm keen to find a middle ground where we can both feel satisfied with the agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 7750. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the need to address the buyer's performance concerns while maintaining the value of the product.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 7650. This price demonstrates my willingness to negotiate while still addressing the performance risks associated with the product. I believe it reflects a fair assessment of the product's value amidst the ongoing discussions.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 7700. This price reflects my confidence in the data product's value while also considering the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's previous offer of 7650. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the performance risks while aiming to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 7600. I believe this price strikes a balance between the product's perceived value and the ongoing performance risks we've discussed. It's a reasonable step forward that remains close to the seller's latest offer while reflecting my commitment to reaching a fair agreement.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 7650. This price reflects a willingness to meet you halfway while still valuing the quality and potential of the data product. Let's find a common ground and finalize this deal.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 7600. This price reflects my recognition of the product's value while still considering the performance risks we've discussed. I believe this is a fair compromise that allows us to move forward and finalize the deal.