Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '500', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity, but the lack of data on model performance improvement and data entropy, along with a short data life, suggests limited long-term value. Therefore, a moderate price is justified.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': "The product demonstrates a notable Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates it can significantly enhance existing models. Additionally, a market value of 0.4 suggests a reasonable demand for the product. However, the high data entropy and short data life may limit its long-term viability. Given these factors, the expected price reflects the product's potential despite its limitations.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the exceptional Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, showcasing the significant advantages this data product can bring to existing models. The market demand, indicated by a value of 0.4, reinforces the product's worth, despite its limitations in data entropy and short lifespan.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 500. The product's limitations in data entropy, short lifespan, and insufficient information on model performance improvement suggest that a significantly lower price is justified.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. The exceptional Model Performance Improvement and the strong market demand justify a significant price reduction from my initial offer while still reflecting the value of the product. Let's move forward with this deal.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14900. The seller's price of 15000 is close, but I believe there's still room for negotiation. This price reflects my confidence in the product while considering the market conditions. Let's continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14800. The market demand is still strong, and I believe this price reflects the exceptional Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of the product while providing an opportunity for us to negotiate closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14700. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's expectations and my budget, while still acknowledging the strong market demand and the product's exceptional Model Performance Improvement (MPI).
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14750. This price reflects my recognition of the strong market demand and the exceptional Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of the product, while also considering the negotiation dynamics we've engaged in. I'm confident this is a fair value that can lead us closer to a deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14650. I believe this price strikes a balance between my budget constraints and the value of the product, while also recognizing the seller's acknowledgment of the market demand and MPI. I'm hopeful that this offer reflects my commitment to finding a satisfactory agreement for both parties.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14600. I believe this price reflects the exceptional Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of the product while still considering the strong market demand. Let's find a common ground that values the product appropriately.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14500. While I appreciate the seller's perspective on the Model Performance Improvement and market demand, I still believe that my offer reflects a more balanced valuation of the product given current market conditions. Let's continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14550. Given the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's consistent offers around this range, I believe this price reflects the product's value while still being competitive in the market. It also allows for a reasonable compromise, considering our previous discussions.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14450. I believe this price better reflects the product's value while still allowing for a reasonable compromise given the seller's last offer of 14550. My consistent offers indicate that I recognize the product's worth, but I also want to ensure a deal that is beneficial for both parties.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the product's exceptional value and the strong market demand we¡¯ve discussed, while also considering the buyer's recent offer of 14450. I believe this amount strikes a fair balance between our expectations.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price aligns with the ongoing negotiations and reflects the product's strong market demand while remaining competitive. It also shows my willingness to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement without compromising too much on value.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14450. This price reflects the product's strong market demand and exceptional performance, while also being competitive enough to encourage a swift agreement. Let's find common ground and move forward.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14350. This price recognizes the product's strong market demand while still being mindful of my budget constraints. I believe this is a fair offer that reflects the exceptional value of the product and encourages us to reach a timely agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 14400. This price reflects my understanding of the strong market demand and the exceptional value of the product, while also considering the gradual negotiation process we've had. I believe this is a fair and competitive offer that could facilitate a successful agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 14300. I believe this price reflects my continued commitment to reaching a fair agreement while still recognizing the exceptional value of the product. It allows for a reasonable compromise, given the seller's recent offers and the ongoing negotiation process.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 14350. I believe this price reflects the strong market demand and the exceptional Model Performance Improvement of the product while still allowing for a reasonable compromise. Let's reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 14250. This price recognizes the seller's justification of strong market demand and the exceptional Model Performance Improvement of the product while still aiming for a fair deal that aligns with my budget. Let's finalize this agreement and move forward.