Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '500', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity, which indicates it can handle the required data loads, but the lack of information on model performance improvement and data entropy, coupled with a short data life, suggests limited value. The market rating of 0.4 indicates low demand, further lowering the potential price.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a reasonable enhancement over standard models, which can attract interest from buyers seeking improved data products. The market score of 0.4 suggests there is moderate demand, though the high data entropy and short data life may deter some buyers. Overall, the product has potential value but is limited by its short lifespan and lack of historical data.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:610.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the potential value of the data product, given its Model Performance Improvement and moderate market demand. I believe it positions us well for a fruitful negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 300. The current offer of 1800 greatly exceeds the perceived value of the data product, considering the limited model performance improvement and low market demand. My offer reflects a more realistic assessment of the product¡¯s worth given its constraints.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 700. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's potential and its current limitations, allowing for a more reasonable negotiation moving forward.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 600. I believe this price is a fair compromise that acknowledges the limitations of the product while still recognizing its potential value in the market. This allows us to move forward with a constructive dialogue.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 650. This price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the potential value of the product while also considering its limitations. Let's move towards a constructive agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 600. This price reflects a balanced perspective, considering both the potential of the data product and its limitations. It allows us to move closer towards a fair agreement while recognizing the value we each bring to the table.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 620. This price reflects a slight increase from my previous offer, acknowledging the buyer's perspective while still recognizing the limitations of the product. I believe this is a fair compromise that facilitates progress in our negotiations.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 600. I believe this price reflects a balanced approach that recognizes the limitations of the product while still acknowledging its potential value. It aligns with my previous offers and promotes a constructive path forward in our negotiations.