Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity, which indicates it can handle a reasonable amount of data. However, the high data entropy and short data life suggest that the information may be volatile and not long-lasting, which can limit its overall appeal and utility. The lack of information on model performance improvement, history, and market conditions introduces uncertainty, but the product may still find value in specific applications where high entropy data is suitable for short-term insights.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement, which can be valuable in certain applications. The capacity being sufficient suggests that it can handle the current market demand. However, the high data entropy indicates complexity and variability in the data, which may limit usability. The short data life means that the product may not provide long-term value, but the market score of 0.4 indicates some level of demand. Overall, the expected price reflects a balanced consideration of these factors.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1675.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the model performance improvement of 0.3, which indicates a valuable enhancement for various applications, alongside the product's sufficient capacity to meet current market demand. While the data does have a high entropy and a short life, the market score of 0.4 suggests noteworthy demand that justifies this premium.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The volatility of the data and its short lifespan suggest a limited appeal, and while the model performance improvement is noted, my valuation reflects the uncertainty surrounding its overall utility in the long term.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. The market demand is indeed strong, and I see the value in the performance improvement, but I also want to ensure we're aligning on the volatility and long-term appeal of the data. This price reflects a fair compromise while still valuing the asset appropriately.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a balance between the strong market demand and the need to consider the asset's volatility and long-term appeal. It acknowledges the value of the performance improvement while still protecting my interests as a buyer.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1680. This price reflects my recognition of the asset's current demand and potential value while also accounting for the volatility that we've discussed. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both our interests.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1670. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between acknowledging the current demand for the asset and the volatility that has been highlighted. It reflects my confidence in the value of the data while remaining considerate of your position as the seller.