Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity and high data entropy, which suggests it can handle diverse data types and complexities. However, the short data life indicates limited usability over time, and the NULL values for model performance improvement and history create uncertainty. The market score of 0.4 indicates moderate demand, which keeps the value reasonable but not high.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be attractive to potential users. However, the high data entropy suggests that the data may be complex and potentially less useful without proper handling. The short data life indicates that the data might not be suitable for long-term projects, limiting its market appeal. The market value of 0.4 suggests there is some demand for this type of product, but the overall combination of traits indicates a niche application. Therefore, the expected price reflects a balance of these factors.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1355.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement, and I believe the complex nature of the data adds significant value for those who can effectively utilize it.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1300. The current price is significantly higher than the value I perceive, especially considering the short data life and NULL values for model performance improvement and history. While I acknowledge the data's complexity, my offer reflects a more reasonable valuation based on these factors.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1500. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the potential value of the data and the concerns about its longevity and quality. This amount balances both our perspectives and keeps the negotiation moving forward.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1400. I believe this price is a reasonable step towards reaching an agreement, reflecting the value I see in the data while also considering the seller's perspective on longevity and quality. This offer shows I am willing to negotiate fairly.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1450. I believe this price strikes a balance between the value of the data and the concerns we've discussed regarding its longevity and quality. It reflects a reasonable compromise, moving closer to your last offer while still acknowledging the complexities involved.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1400. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the data's value while addressing the seller's concerns about longevity and quality. It maintains a reasonable stance, considering the previous rounds' discussions and the current offer.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1400. I believe this price fairly reflects the value of the data, addressing the quality concerns while remaining competitive in our negotiations.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1350. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the seller's concerns about data quality and my valuation of its complexity. It allows us to make progress without undervaluing the data, while still being a reasonable step below the seller's last offer.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1375. I believe this price reflects a balanced approach, considering the quality of the data while still addressing the buyer's concerns about its longevity and complexity. It's a step towards finding common ground.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1350. This price acknowledges the seller's latest offer while still reflecting my concerns about the data's longevity and complexity. It continues to represent a fair compromise, moving us closer to an agreeable solution.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1360. This price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the buyer's previous offer while still valuing the data's quality and complexity. I believe this move can bring us closer to an agreement without undervaluing the data's potential.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1350. This price reflects my continued commitment to reaching a fair agreement while considering the seller's recent offer. It acknowledges the quality of the data while still being within a reasonable range for both parties. Let's move forward and finalize this deal.