Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be valuable for users looking to optimize their models. However, the lack of information on Data Entropy, Data Life, History, and Market limits the confidence in the product's overall value. Given the capacity is sufficient, it suggests potential usability, but the uncertainty due to NULL traits tempers the expected price.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement, which adds value to the product. The capacity being "enough" suggests it can handle current demands, while high data entropy indicates a rich variety in the dataset, potentially attracting buyers. However, the short data life limits longevity and usability in the long term, and the NULL history suggests a lack of proven performance over time, which could deter potential customers. The market score of 0.4 indicates moderate demand but not overwhelming. Combining these factors, a price of 1500 seems reasonable.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1715.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the data product's moderate enhancement in model performance, its ability to meet current demands, and the richness of the dataset. While there are limitations such as short data life and NULL history, the overall value still supports a higher asking price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. While I appreciate the seller's perspective on the data product's performance enhancement and dataset richness, the limitations such as short data life and NULL history significantly affect my valuation. Given these factors, I believe 1600 is a more reasonable offer.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. The product has significant potential with its rich dataset, and while I acknowledge the concerns about its limitations, I believe the value it brings justifies a higher price point than the buyer's last offer.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. While I recognize the seller's points about the product's potential and dataset richness, the limitations still weigh heavily on its overall value. My offer reflects a balanced approach, considering both the strengths and weaknesses of the product.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the value of the data product's rich dataset and its substantial potential for performance enhancement, while also considering the buyer's previous concerns about its limitations.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price acknowledges the seller's valued dataset and potential for performance enhancement while still reflecting my concerns regarding the product's limitations, such as its short data life and NULL history.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1725. The product has a strong dataset and potential for performance enhancement, making it worth a bit more than the previous offers while still considering the buyer's concerns about limitations.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1700. While I recognize the seller's point about the product's strong dataset and potential, my concerns regarding its limitations, such as short data life and NULL history, still weigh heavily on this decision. Therefore, I believe 1700 is a fair price that reflects both the product's strengths and its drawbacks.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1720. This price reflects the strong potential of the dataset and balances the concerns raised regarding its limitations. It shows my willingness to negotiate while still recognizing the value of what I'm offering.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1710. This price acknowledges the seller's recognition of the dataset's potential while still addressing the limitations that have been consistently highlighted. It reflects a fair compromise, allowing us to move closer to an agreement while ensuring the investment remains justifiable.