Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product has a low data entropy, which suggests that the data is clean and well-structured, making it potentially useful for analysis. Additionally, the capacity is sufficient, indicating that it can handle the data requirements. However, the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement and Data Life limits the certainty of its effectiveness and longevity in the market. Given the market score of 0.4, there is moderate demand, but the overall uncertainty due to NULL traits leads to a conservative price estimate.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '8000', 'reason': 'The product has a reasonable Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating it can enhance existing models effectively. With enough capacity and low data entropy, it suggests a consistent and reliable data source. A long data life further adds to its value, as it implies longevity and relevance in the market. However, the market score of 0.4 indicates moderate demand. Given the absence of historical performance data, this introduces some uncertainty, but overall, the product seems valuable.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:7525.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 9000. This price reflects the exceptional Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 that our data product provides, ensuring it can significantly enhance existing models effectively. Additionally, its low data entropy and long data life indicate a reliable and consistent data source, making it a valuable asset in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. The high initial price of 9000 does not align with the uncertainties regarding Model Performance Improvement and Data Life. While the data product has low data entropy and sufficient capacity, these factors alone do not justify such a steep price given the moderate market demand and overall uncertainties.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 8500. I believe this price still reflects the exceptional value of the Model Performance Improvement and the reliability of the data source, while also making a concession to acknowledge the buyer's concerns about market demand.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. Given the continued high price from the seller, I still believe the value does not align with market demand and the uncertainties present. My offer reflects a more reasonable assessment of the current landscape, prioritizing affordability while acknowledging the seller's improvements.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 8400. The exceptional quality and performance of this data product justify a competitive price, and I am willing to adjust slightly to facilitate a deal while ensuring I still receive fair value for its capabilities.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1700. While I recognize the seller's assertion of exceptional quality, I still believe that the current market demand and the previous offers indicate a more reasonable price for both parties. Let's find a middle ground that reflects the product's value while also considering my budget constraints.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 8000. This price reflects the exceptional quality and performance improvements of the product while also considering the need for a reasonable negotiation space. Let's move towards a more agreeable price point.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 7900. I believe this price still acknowledges the product's exceptional quality while allowing us to maintain a reasonable negotiation space. Let's continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 7800. This price reflects the exceptional quality and reliability of the data product while also considering the market dynamics we've discussed. I'm confident this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the value I bring and your budget limitations.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 7700. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's quality and reliability while still being mindful of my budget constraints. I believe this is a reasonable offer that demonstrates my willingness to negotiate fairly without overextending my limits.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 7700. I believe this price reflects both the exceptional quality of the product and the need for a more competitive stance in our negotiations. It shows my willingness to find common ground while still valuing the product's strengths.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 7600. I believe this price is still competitive while acknowledging the seller's quality and my need to stay within budget constraints. This slight adjustment shows my continued interest in reaching an agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 7700. I believe this price reflects the exceptional quality and performance of the product while remaining competitive in the current market. Let's move closer to a final agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 7600. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between recognizing the product's quality and my budget constraints. Let's work together to find a mutually agreeable solution.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 7650. With the consistent interest in the product and the valuable features it provides, I believe this adjusted price strikes a balance between recognizing its worth and aligning with your budget considerations. Let's move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 7550. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between recognizing the product's value and addressing my budget constraints. Let's aim for a resolution that satisfies both parties.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 7600. This price reflects the exceptional quality of the product while also considering the market dynamics we've discussed. I believe it's a fair compromise that acknowledges both the value and the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 7500. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the exceptional quality of the product and remaining mindful of our budget constraints. It's a reasonable step towards reaching a mutually beneficial agreement, considering the market dynamics we've discussed.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 7550. This price reflects the exceptional quality and performance of the product while being mindful of the buyer's budget constraints. It creates a fair opportunity for both parties to reach a satisfactory agreement.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 7500. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the product's quality while still being mindful of my budget constraints. It allows us to reach an agreement that satisfies both parties.