Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product shows a reasonable Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating it can enhance performance significantly. However, the high data entropy suggests that the data might be complex or noisy, which can complicate usage. The short data life indicates that the product may have limited long-term value, while the NULL history and market traits introduce uncertainty regarding its applicability and demand. Therefore, despite some positive traits, the overall confidence in the valuation is somewhat limited.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate model performance improvement (MPI of 0.3) which indicates a potential for valuable insights. The capacity is sufficient, but the high data entropy suggests that the data may be complex and potentially difficult to interpret. The short data life limits its usefulness, and the NULL history suggests a lack of precedent which could affect trust. However, the market score of 0.4 indicates some demand, which helps mitigate the concerns from high entropy and short life.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1717.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the potential value of the data product, considering its moderate model performance improvement and some market demand despite its complexity and short data life. I believe this is a fair starting point for our negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. While the seller's offer of 1800 reflects some potential value, I believe my offer more accurately considers the complexities and limited long-term value associated with the data product. This price allows us to move forward while still recognizing the uncertainties at play.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects a more balanced view of the product's potential while still acknowledging its complexities and uncertainties. I believe this offer is reasonable and fair for both parties.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price demonstrates my commitment to recognizing the product's inherent complexities while also reflecting a more cautious approach to its valuation. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' perspectives.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1725. I believe this price reflects a more balanced understanding of the data product's potential while still considering its complexities and uncertainties. This is a fair middle ground to move forward in our negotiations.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1710. I believe this price captures the value of the data product while still recognizing the complexities and uncertainties involved. It's a reasonable step towards finding common ground in our negotiations.