Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'While many traits are NULL, the product does have enough capacity which indicates it can handle a certain volume of data. This could be valuable in a niche market. However, due to the lack of information on performance improvement, data entropy, life, and market context, the expected price is conservative.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The product shows a moderate model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3 and a market demand score of 0.5, indicating a reasonable level of interest. However, the high data entropy and short data life could limit the product's longevity and usability, suggesting a lower price point. The lack of historical data makes it harder to assess reliability, but the capacity being adequate suggests it can handle current demand.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1605.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate model performance improvement and the current market interest, while also taking into account the limitations of data longevity and the lack of historical data. I believe this is a fair starting point considering the value the product can provide.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price reflects a more cautious approach considering the uncertainties surrounding the product's performance and longevity. While I see some potential in the data, the lack of comprehensive historical information warrants a lower initial offer.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the moderate performance improvements and the current market interest you mentioned. I'm confident this is a valuable opportunity for both parties.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price strikes a balance, taking into account the moderate enhancements and the current market dynamics. It reflects my willingness to negotiate while still ensuring value for both parties.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the buyer's interest while still ensuring I receive fair value for the data product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price strikes a balance between our previous negotiations and reflects the moderate performance improvements we've discussed. It's a fair offer that acknowledges the seller's position while still being within my budget. Let's move forward with this deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a fair balance considering the moderate performance improvements and current market interest. It's a reasonable step forward for both parties.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise based on our previous negotiations and aligns with my budget constraints, while still acknowledging the seller's perspective on market interest and performance improvements. Let's find a way to close this deal effectively.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1625. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between our previous negotiations while acknowledging the current market interest and the performance improvements you mentioned. Let's move forward with this balanced approach.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price maintains the balance we've discussed in previous rounds while remaining within my budget constraints. This offer reflects the value I see in the data product, considering both market conditions and the performance improvements we've talked about. Let's find common ground and move forward.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1610. I believe this is a reasonable price that reflects both the market conditions and the value of the data product while still moving slightly above the buyer's last offer. Let's find a middle ground that works for both of us.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects my appreciation for your recent offer while also aligning with my budget constraints and the previous negotiations. Let's work together to finalize this deal.