Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '500', 'reason': 'The product has a short data life and an average market demand, which limits its overall value. The lack of information on model performance improvement and data entropy also indicates uncertainty in its effectiveness or utility, further decreasing its potential price.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can appeal to potential buyers. However, the high data entropy suggests that the data may be complex and possibly difficult to manage. The short data life limits its longevity and usefulness, indicating a need for frequent updates or replacements. The market value of 0.5 suggests a moderate demand, but the lack of historical data (NULL) raises concerns about the reliability and track record of the product. Overall, while there are some positive traits, the concerns about data life and history temper the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:510.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement, while also accounting for the complexities and limitations of the data, such as its short life and lack of historical data.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 300. The product has a short data life and average market demand, which significantly limits its overall value. Additionally, the lack of information on model performance improvement and data entropy introduces further uncertainty regarding its utility.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 600. The product has a limited data life and average market demand, but I believe a price of 600 reflects its value more accurately given the performance improvements mentioned. Let's find a middle ground that works for both of us.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 500. While I recognize the performance improvements and the seller's perspective on the product's value, I still believe that the limited data life and average market demand necessitate a lower price. Let's continue to negotiate and find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 550. This price reflects the product's value while considering its limited data life and average market demand. It¡¯s a reasonable step up from the previous offers and acknowledges the buyer's interest in performance improvements.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 500. This price reflects my recognition of the product's value, while also considering the seller's emphasis on its limited data life and average market demand. I believe this is a fair offer that acknowledges the previous discussions and aims for a reasonable agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 520. This price reflects the data product's enhanced value while still considering the factors of its limited data life and average market demand. I'm aiming for a fair agreement that recognizes both the product's potential and the market realities.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 500. I believe this price recognizes the product's value while still being considerate of the seller's concerns regarding its limited data life and average market demand. It's a balanced approach that acknowledges both parties' positions and aims for a fair resolution.