Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and high data entropy, which indicates it can handle complex datasets and has potential for insights or decision-making support. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement, data life, history, and market limits the confidence in its value. Given the potential but uncertainty, the price reflects a moderate value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a decent enhancement in performance, which can attract buyers looking for improvements in their data processes. However, the high data entropy suggests complexity and potential challenges in usability. The short data life may limit the product¡¯s longevity in the market, but a market value of 0.5 indicates there¡¯s some demand. Overall, the traits present a mixed picture that suggests moderate value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1675.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the substantial model performance improvement and the potential demand in the market, despite some complexities and a shorter data life. I believe this premium captures the value of the enhancements effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. While I appreciate the seller's perspective on model performance improvement, I believe the complexities and shorter data life should be reflected in a more conservative price. Given the uncertainties surrounding the data product, my offer aims to align with its potential rather than the premium suggested.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between our previous discussions, taking into account the substantial improvements and market demand highlighted by the buyer while still considering the uncertainties surrounding the data product.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price strikes a balance between our previous discussions and reflects the value of the improved data product while still acknowledging the uncertainties that exist. It allows us to move forward with a constructive agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1680. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the improvements made while still considering the uncertainties surrounding the data product. This allows us to move towards an agreement that acknowledges the value being provided.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1670. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the improvements and addressing the uncertainties surrounding the data product. It reflects my commitment to reaching a fair deal while still valuing the enhancements made.