Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and a high data entropy, which suggests it can handle complex and varied data inputs effectively. However, the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement and Data Life limits its overall value. Given the market rating of 0.5, there is moderate demand, which justifies a reasonable price point.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) is relatively strong at 0.3, indicating a decent enhancement in performance. However, the high data entropy suggests that the data may be complex and difficult to manage, which could deter some users. The short data life limits the utility of the product, but the market score of 0.5 indicates a moderate demand. Overall, the combination of these traits suggests a middle-range pricing strategy.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1625.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the strong Model Performance Improvement and the moderate demand in the market, taking into account the complexities of the data due to its high entropy. I believe this valuation presents a compelling opportunity for potential buyers.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. Given the current market conditions and the seller's offer, I believe this price reflects a fair starting point considering the uncertainties around Model Performance Improvement and Data Life. I hope to find a mutually agreeable solution as we continue negotiating.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects the strong Model Performance Improvement and the moderate market demand that have been discussed, while still being a fair compromise that acknowledges the uncertainties we face.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price strikes a balance, acknowledging the seller's offer while also conveying my interest in securing a favorable deal that reflects the value of the model performance improvements we¡¯ve discussed.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1575. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the previous discussions and the strong model performance improvements highlighted by the buyer. It positions us closer to an agreement while still acknowledging the value of the product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price reflects my strong belief in the model's performance improvements and the market demand that justifies a higher investment. I see this as a fair step towards reaching a conclusive agreement that recognizes the value of the product while remaining competitive in our negotiations.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects the strong model performance improvements and the current market demand, while also considering the negotiation dynamics we've seen in previous rounds. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the data product.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1625. This price considers the strong performance improvements we've discussed and the current market demand while ensuring I'm still making a reasonable investment in the data product. I believe this is a competitive offer that reflects the value and potential we¡¯ve seen in our negotiations.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects the strong model performance improvements and aligns well with the current market demand. It¡¯s a competitive value for the quality of the data product being offered.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price is a fair representation of the strong model performance improvements while still being competitive in the current market. It reflects my understanding of the product's value and aligns with previous negotiations.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1625. This price reflects the continued strong demand and the value of the data product, while also considering our previous negotiations. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges the model's performance improvements.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price takes into account the ongoing strong demand and the recent improvements in model performance that we've discussed. I believe this reflects a fair compromise while still recognizing the value of the data product.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects the strong model performance improvements and the current market demand, while also being a reasonable step forward from our previous discussions.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1625. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise, reflecting the strong model performance improvements and the current market demand, while also taking into account our previous discussions. Let's move forward to finalize this deal.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects the strong model performance improvements and market demand that have been consistently highlighted, while also ensuring a competitive return for the value provided. Let's move towards closing this deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting the strong model performance improvements and market demand that I believe justify a competitive yet fair price. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.