Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity, indicating it can handle the necessary data volume. However, the lack of information on key performance traits like Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, Data Life, and History significantly limits its potential value. Given the minimal positive indicators and the uncertainties, a moderate price reflects the basic capability but not the advanced features that would typically enhance value.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a decent level of enhancement, which can attract buyers looking for improved performance. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle the required workload effectively. However, the high data entropy indicates complexity and potential challenges in data processing. The medium data life might limit the longevity of the product\'s relevance in the market. Given the market value of 0.3, there is some demand, but not overwhelming. Overall, these factors lead to a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the strong potential of the data product, particularly due to its Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, which indicates a significant enhancement in performance. The capacity and handling of workloads are sufficient, making it an attractive option for buyers seeking effective solutions. The complexity noted in data entropy suggests a unique offering, even though it may present some challenges.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. The substantial difference between our valuations indicates that while the product has some merits, the uncertainties around key performance traits significantly diminish its overall value. A moderate offer reflects my assessment of its basic capabilities without the advanced features that would justify a higher price.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 10000. I believe this price reflects the strong potential of the data product while also addressing some of the uncertainties we've discussed regarding key performance traits. This price allows us to move forward positively, keeping in mind the value and future possibilities of the product.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 9500. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's perspective on the data product's potential while still respecting the uncertainties we discussed. It reflects my confidence in the product's value and is a fair step towards closing the deal.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 9500. I believe this is a fair price considering the potential of the data product while also addressing the uncertainties that were raised in previous discussions. Let's find a middle ground that values the product appropriately and allows us to move forward.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 9400. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while still taking into account the uncertainties we have discussed. I'm keen on finding a resolution that acknowledges both the potential of the product and the concerns raised, allowing us to move forward effectively.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 9500. I believe this price reflects the ongoing negotiations and maintains a fair assessment of the product's value given the previous discussions. Let's move towards closing this deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 9400. I believe this price is a reasonable step forward, reflecting my commitment to finding common ground while acknowledging the product's potential and the concerns raised in our negotiations. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 9400. I believe this price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's potential while acknowledging the uncertainties that have been discussed in previous rounds. Let's aim to finalize this deal efficiently.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 9300. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the product's potential and the uncertainties we've discussed. It allows us to move closer to a final agreement while still considering the value of the product. Let's work towards closing this deal efficiently.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 9200. I believe this price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's potential while addressing the uncertainties we've discussed. It's a reasonable step towards closing the deal effectively.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 9100. I believe this price strikes a fair balance while accounting for the product's potential and the uncertainties we've discussed. It demonstrates my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 9100. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing uncertainties regarding the product's performance, while also acknowledging the buyer's perspective on its potential value. Let's move towards a resolution.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 9000. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between acknowledging the product's potential and the concerns regarding its performance uncertainties. I'm eager to move towards a resolution that benefits both parties.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 9100. I believe this price reflects the ongoing negotiations and balances the product's potential with the uncertainties we've discussed. Let's aim for a resolution that acknowledges the value while being reasonable for both parties.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 9000. I believe this price accurately reflects the ongoing negotiation dynamics and balances the product's value with the uncertainties we've discussed. Let's work towards a resolution that is beneficial for both parties while recognizing the product's potential.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 9100. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's potential and the ongoing uncertainties we've discussed. It allows us to move forward while considering the value of the data product.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 9000. I believe this price represents a fair compromise considering the ongoing uncertainties and the potential value of the product. It allows us to move forward in good faith, recognizing the need for both parties to find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 9100. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's potential and the ongoing uncertainties we've discussed. Let's finalize this deal at a reasonable compromise.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 9000. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the product's potential while still acknowledging the uncertainties we¡¯ve encountered during our discussions. Let's come to a mutually beneficial conclusion and finalize this deal.