Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 suggests a moderate enhancement capability, which can attract interest in certain markets, particularly for businesses looking to improve their data models. The market score of 0.3 indicates some demand, but the presence of NULL traits such as Data Entropy and History limits the confidence in the product's overall quality and reliability. Given the medium data life, the product has reasonable longevity but may not be groundbreaking. Thus, a moderate price is justified.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 suggests a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be appealing in competitive markets. The capacity being sufficient indicates that the product can handle a reasonable amount of data, which is a positive trait. However, the high data entropy and medium data life suggest potential challenges in data quality and longevity, which could impact future usability. The market value also being at 0.3 indicates moderate demand. Overall, these factors suggest a valuable product, but the uncertainty in data life and high data entropy limits confidence.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 20000. This price reflects the unique value of our data product, which boasts a Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, a sufficient capacity for handling data, and the potential for competitive advantage in the market. Given the moderate demand indicated by the market value, I believe this price captures the product's worth while allowing for negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 500. Given the moderate Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 and the limitations in data quality indicated by NULL traits, I believe a significantly lower price is justified. This reflects my assessment of the product's overall value and the market demand.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. This price reflects the unique value and competitive advantage of the data product while acknowledging the buyer's perspective on pricing. I believe this is a fair compromise that showcases the quality of the offering.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between recognizing the value of the data product while still reflecting my budget constraints. It's a reasonable step towards reaching an agreement that respects both parties' interests.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the unique value and competitive advantage of the data product while also taking into account the buyer's previous offer. I believe this is a fair compromise that highlights the product's quality and potential benefits.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price strikes a balance, recognizing the unique value of the data product while still being mindful of my budget constraints. It¡¯s a reasonable offer that reflects my continued interest in the product.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14550.0. This reflects a slight increase, recognizing the buyer's interest while still highlighting the unique value and quality of the data product. I believe this price strikes a balance between the value provided and the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14450. This price reflects my appreciation for the quality of the data product while also acknowledging my budget constraints. I believe this offer is fair and reasonable, given the previous negotiations.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects the unique value and quality of the data product while also being reasonable for the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price fairly balances the unique value of the data product with my budget constraints while still recognizing the seller's position.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14500. The product's unique value and quality justify a strong price, and I believe we are very close to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I recognize the seller's emphasis on the product's unique value and quality, but I must balance that with my budget considerations. This price reflects my commitment to reaching a fair and mutually beneficial agreement while acknowledging the product's merits.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the unique value of the data product while acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the quality and competitive advantage of what I'm offering.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14400. This price reflects my ongoing commitment to find a fair compromise while acknowledging the inherent value of your data product. I believe this offer continues to respect both our positions and moves us closer to an agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the consistent value and quality of the data product, while also acknowledging the buyer's previous offers. I believe this is a fair compromise that respects both our positions.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price maintains the integrity of my previous offers while still demonstrating my appreciation for the product's value. It's a fair and reasonable compromise that reflects my budget considerations.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 14500. The unique value and quality of this data product remain significant, and I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiations. Let's work towards closing this deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects my ongoing commitment to balancing the unique value of the data product with my budget constraints. Let's work together to finalize this deal.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 14500. This reflects the unique value and quality of the data product, and I believe it is a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiations. Let's finalize this deal.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's unique value while still respecting my budget constraints. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.