Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates it can enhance existing models significantly. However, the high data entropy suggests it contains complex and diverse data, which can be valuable. The medium data life indicates it has a reasonable lifespan, but the absence of historical and market data limits the confidence in its valuation. Given these factors, a price of 5000 reflects the potential value while acknowledging the uncertainty.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in output, which can be appealing in a competitive market. However, the high data entropy suggests that the data may be complex and potentially difficult to interpret. The medium data life indicates that while the data is still relevant, it may not have long-term viability. The market index of 0.3 reflects a lower demand, which could constrain pricing. Overall, considering these factors, the expected price reflects a balance between performance and market conditions.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1717.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in output indicated by the Model Performance Improvement, along with the complexity of the data. While the market conditions suggest some constraints, I believe the value of this data product justifies a premium price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price better reflects the inherent uncertainties associated with the data product, given the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the complexities involved. While I recognize the potential value, I am aiming for a more balanced deal that aligns with my assessment of the product's worth.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the value of the data product while considering the buyer's concerns, allowing for a more reasonable negotiation space.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price underscores my commitment to reaching a fair agreement while reflecting the value I see in the data product. It also acknowledges the seller's recent offer, keeping our negotiation on track.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1725. This price reflects my understanding of the value of the data product while acknowledging your previous offer of 1700, showing my willingness to find a middle ground. Let's move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1710. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between our previous negotiations and reflects my appreciation for the value of the data product. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.