Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has adequate capacity and a medium data life, which suggests it has some utility and longevity in the market. However, the absence of critical traits such as Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy limits the overall assessment. Given this uncertainty, the valuation reflects a modest price point.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.3 indicates a decent enhancement in performance. The capacity is sufficient, which means it can handle the required data volume. However, the high data entropy suggests complexity, which may require more resources to manage. The medium data life indicates that the data may not be long-lasting, but the market score of 0.4 suggests a moderate demand. Overall, considering these factors, the product has potential but is not without its challenges.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:5725.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 9000. This price reflects the significant performance improvement of the data product, alongside its capacity to handle required data volumes. Despite the complexities indicated by high data entropy, I believe the potential value justifies this premium.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4500. Given the data product's adequate capacity and medium data life, while acknowledging the absence of critical traits such as Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy, I believe a modest price reflects its true value in the market.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 6000. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's performance improvements and its current capacity, while still considering the critical features that may be lacking. This offer allows us to move forward while acknowledging the value both parties see in the deal.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5900. I believe this price appropriately reflects the value of the product while still considering the performance improvements and capacity. It allows us to negotiate effectively and reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 6000. I believe this price reflects the value of the product while considering the buyer's previous offer, and it maintains a fair balance between our positions. Let's move forward with this negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5800. This price reflects my assessment of the product's value while taking into account the seller's offer of 6000. It represents a reasonable compromise, considering both parties' perspectives and the ongoing negotiation. Let's work towards closing this deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5900. This price reflects a fair value for the product, considering the ongoing negotiations and the improvements we've discussed. I'm confident this aligns with both parties' interests.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5800. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that recognizes the value of the product while still aligning with my budget. It reflects my willingness to meet you halfway and acknowledges the improvements discussed. Let's continue moving towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5900. This price reflects the product's value and is a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiations. It acknowledges the buyer's perspective while still maintaining a reasonable return for my offering.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5800. This price represents a balanced approach, reflecting the product's value while considering my budget constraints. It¡¯s a reasonable step forward in our negotiations, aimed at reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5850. This price reflects the product's solid value while remaining competitive in this ongoing negotiation. It provides a fair compromise for both parties, considering the buyer's previous offers and the need to reach an agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5750. This price reflects a balanced approach considering the seller's latest offer while staying within my budget constraints. It acknowledges the product's value and aims for a fair resolution in this ongoing negotiation.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5800. This price reflects a fair compromise, considering the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's previous offer of 5850, which is quite close to my current price. It acknowledges the value of the product while aiming to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise while still acknowledging the seller's position. It's slightly lower than their latest offer, allowing us to inch closer to an agreement without straying too far from the product's perceived value.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5750. This price reflects a balance between the product's value and your budget constraints, while still allowing for a productive negotiation. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement!
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price represents a fair compromise, considering the previous offers and the ongoing negotiations. It acknowledges the value of the product while remaining within my budget constraints. Let's work together to finalize this deal!