Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be appealing to potential buyers. The capacity is sufficient, suggesting the product can handle expected data loads. However, the NULL values for Data Entropy, Data Life, and History limit the understanding of the product's robustness and usage history, impacting overall confidence in the valuation. The market score of 0.4 indicates a moderate level of demand, which may also play a role in the pricing.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a low data entropy and a long data life, which suggests that it is reliable and sustainable for long-term use. Additionally, a Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a notable enhancement in model performance, which is valuable in a competitive market. While the market score is relatively low at 0.4, it suggests there is still some demand. Overall, the combination of these traits positions the product favorably, allowing for a reasonable valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the high reliability and long-term sustainability of the data product, combined with a notable Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, which makes it a valuable asset in any competitive market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. Given the moderate Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 and the lack of data on other critical factors such as Data Entropy and Data Life, I believe a price significantly lower than your offer is more appropriate. The reliability and sustainability you mention do not justify the high price at this moment.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects the high reliability of the data and the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, while still being a reasonable compromise considering the buyer's concerns about critical data.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2000. While I acknowledge the seller's claims regarding the reliability and Model Performance Improvement, the absence of critical data still necessitates a more conservative price point for me. This offer aims to bridge the gap between our positions while still reflecting the actual value I perceive in the data.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5000. I believe this price reflects the high reliability and the Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns about the lack of critical data. This is a fair compromise that maintains the value of the data product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1900. While I acknowledge the seller's points about reliability and performance improvement, the absence of critical data significantly affects the perceived value. Therefore, I believe 1900 is a reasonable offer considering the current circumstances.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 4500. The data's high reliability and the notable Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 still hold significant value, but I'm willing to make a more competitive offer to move toward a deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1800. The seller's current offer of 4500 still exceeds my valuation given the concerns about missing critical data. While I recognize the value in the data's reliability and performance improvement, my previous offers reflect a more cautious approach. I'm willing to negotiate, but I need to stay within a reasonable range that aligns with my assessment of the data's worth.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 4000. This price reflects the quality and reliability of the data while being more aligned with the buyer's previous offers, allowing for a constructive negotiation.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1900. This price takes into account my concerns about the missing critical data and reflects a cautious valuation based on previous offers, while still aiming for a constructive negotiation.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 3900. Given the ongoing negotiation and the buyer's previous offer of 1900, this price reflects a significant reduction while still recognizing the quality and reliability of the data. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2800. This price reflects my assessment of the value of the data while still taking into account the previous offers and the ongoing discussions about the data's reliability and the missing critical information. I believe this offer is a balanced approach that respects both our positions and aims to move us closer to a successful agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 3500. This price reflects the high reliability and the consistent Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 that the data provides, while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns about missing critical data. I believe this is a fair compromise that will lead us toward a successful agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 3400. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's emphasis on reliability and performance while still reflecting my concerns regarding the missing critical data. This compromise brings us closer to a successful agreement that both parties can feel satisfied with.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 3600. Given the ongoing negotiations and the acknowledgment of the data's quality and reliability, I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while still recognizing the concerns raised about the missing critical data.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 3500. While I appreciate your perspective on the data's quality and reliability, I still have concerns regarding the missing critical data. My offer reflects a willingness to meet you closer to your price while acknowledging the factors we've discussed throughout our negotiations. Let's find common ground here.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 3550. This price reflects the consistent quality and reliability of the data, taking into account the previous offers made and the ongoing negotiations. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the buyer's concerns while still valuing the data appropriately.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 3450. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's consistent quality, while also considering my ongoing concerns about the missing critical data. I believe this is a reasonable and balanced proposal that encourages us to finalize the deal.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 3500. This price reflects the high reliability and quality of the data, while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns over missing critical data. It represents a fair compromise that maintains the value of the product while aiming for a successful conclusion to our negotiations.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 3400. This price recognizes the seller's emphasis on data reliability and quality while still reflecting my concerns regarding the missing critical data. It provides a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the value of the product without overshooting my budget.