Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'While there are some NULL values that limit the information available, the product has enough capacity and high data entropy, which suggests a potential for valuable insights and applications. However, the lack of other traits like Model Performance Improvement and market data reduces the overall confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'moderate'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.3 indicates a significant enhancement in performance, which can attract buyers. The capacity being adequate is a positive trait, although high data entropy suggests complexity that may require additional processing or understanding, which could limit usability for some users. The medium data life implies a reasonable duration of relevance for the data, while the lack of historical data diminishes confidence slightly. The market score of 0.4 suggests there is some demand, but not overwhelming. Overall, while there are some positive traits, the uncertainties and complexities reduce the price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 3000. This price reflects the significant model performance improvement of 0.3, which showcases a valuable enhancement that can greatly benefit buyers. Additionally, while there are complexities due to high data entropy, the medium data life ensures a reasonable duration of relevance for the data. Overall, I believe this price captures the potential value of the product effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1800. While I recognize the seller's points regarding the model performance improvement and the medium data life, my assessment considers the limitations due to NULL values and the lack of certain traits that would enhance the overall value of the product. Therefore, I believe this price aligns more closely with my valuation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2900.0. This price reflects the significant improvements in model performance and the high relevance of the data, while also considering the buyer's concerns regarding NULL values. I believe this is a fair midpoint that acknowledges the value of the data while being reasonable for negotiation.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2500. This price recognizes the seller's improvements in model performance while still addressing my concerns about the NULL values that affect the overall value of the data. I am confident this is a fair offer that allows us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2800. I believe this price reflects the significant improvements in model performance and the relevance of the data while still considering the buyer's concerns about NULL values. Let's work towards a deal that recognizes the value of this data.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2700. This price acknowledges the seller's improvements in model performance while also considering my concerns about the NULL values that affect the overall value of the data. Let's find common ground to finalize this deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2750. This price reflects the ongoing enhancements in model performance and acknowledges the buyer's concerns about NULL values while still providing value for the quality of the data offered.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2600. This price takes into account the improvements in model performance while still addressing the ongoing concerns about NULL values. I believe it strikes a fair balance between the value of the data and the limitations that have been highlighted in our discussions.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2700. The improvements in model performance and data relevance are significant enough to justify this price, while still recognizing the buyer's concerns about NULL values. I believe this is a fair compromise that reflects the value of the data.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2600. The improvements in model performance and data relevance are acknowledged, but the concerns regarding NULL values still weigh heavily on my evaluation of the overall value. This price reflects a fair compromise while considering the limitations present in the data.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2650. This price reflects the continued improvements in model performance and data relevance while still considering the buyer's concerns about NULL values. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the data while addressing the limitations.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2600. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, considering the improvements in the model performance while still acknowledging the ongoing concerns regarding the NULL values. It represents a reasonable investment for the value provided, and I hope we can move forward with this offer.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2650. This price reflects the continued improvements in model performance and addresses the buyer's concerns about NULL values, while remaining competitive in our ongoing negotiations.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2600. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's improvements in model performance while still addressing the ongoing concerns related to NULL values. It strikes a balance between valuing the enhancements and acknowledging the limitations present.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2625. This price reflects the ongoing improvements in model performance and data relevance, while also considering the buyer's concerns about NULL values. I'm confident this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the enhancements and the limitations of the data.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2550. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, acknowledging the seller's improvements in model performance while also addressing ongoing concerns regarding NULL values. It reflects my commitment to finding a mutually agreeable deal as we move forward.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 2600. I believe this price reflects the improvements in model performance while still addressing the buyer's concerns about NULL values. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the data while remaining competitive.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 2500. I believe this price better reflects the ongoing concerns about NULL values while still acknowledging the improvements in model performance. It's a reasonable offer that aims to address both parties' perspectives as we approach the final rounds of negotiation.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 2550. The data has shown consistent improvements in model performance, and while there are still concerns regarding NULL values, I believe this price reflects a fair balance between its enhanced value and the existing limitations.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 2450. Given the ongoing concerns about NULL values, I believe this offer reflects a reasonable adjustment while still recognizing the enhancements in model performance.