Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) is 0.3, which indicates a significant enhancement over previous models, suggesting that the product offers tangible benefits to potential users. However, the high data entropy suggests that the data is complex and may require advanced handling or interpretation, which could limit the user base. The lack of data life and history implies uncertainty about the longevity and reliability of the product, which impacts its valuation. Given these factors and the balance of performance improvement against the unknowns, a mid-range price is justified.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a decent Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates potential effectiveness in applications. The capacity is sufficient, and while the data entropy is high (suggesting complex data), the medium data life implies it has a reasonable lifespan for utility. However, the market score of 0.4 indicates moderate demand, which may limit pricing power. Overall, the combination of these traits suggests a fair valuation in the mid-range.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:15625.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the solid Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 and the potential effectiveness in various applications, coupled with the complexity of the data and its reasonable lifespan. I believe this valuation captures the true value of the product in today's market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 14000. Given the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, while the complexity and uncertainty surrounding the data's longevity are important factors, I believe a price of 14000 reflects a fair balance considering these risks.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 16000. This price reflects the strong model performance and reasonable lifespan mentioned, while also accounting for the associated risks of data complexity and uncertainty that I highlighted before. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 15500. I believe this price strikes a balance between the strong model performance and reasonable lifespan while also considering the risks associated with data complexity and uncertainty. Let's continue to work towards a fair agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 15700. The previous offers indicate a willingness to negotiate closer to a fair price, and I believe this amount reflects the value of the data while considering the inherent complexities and risks involved.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 15600. I believe this price acknowledges the complexities and risks associated with the data while still reflecting the strong model performance and reasonable lifespan. I'm confident this is a fair compromise to move the negotiation forward.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 15650. I believe this price reflects the complexities and value of the data while still being a reasonable step forward in our negotiations. Let's continue to find common ground.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 15600. This price maintains a strong position while recognizing the value and complexities of the data, allowing us to progress our negotiations meaningfully. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 15650. I believe this price reflects the value of the data while acknowledging the complexities and risks involved. It positions us closer to an agreement, fostering a mutually beneficial outcome.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 15600. I believe this price maintains a fair balance between the value of the data and the complexities involved, while still demonstrating my willingness to reach a mutually agreeable outcome.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 15650. I believe this price reflects the data¡¯s inherent complexities and its potential value while still allowing for a fair negotiation. Let's move towards a resolution.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 15600. I believe this price accurately reflects the value of the data while also acknowledging the complexities involved. It keeps us within a reasonable range and allows us to move closer to a final agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 15650. I believe this price fairly reflects the complexities and value of the data, while still aiming for a reasonable agreement as we move closer to a final decision.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 15600. I believe this price continues to reflect the complexities and value of the data while maintaining a strong position in our negotiation. I'm confident that this offer will bring us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 15650.0. This price reflects the intricate value of the data while considering the complexities involved. It's a fair balance that acknowledges both the potential and the risks, aiming to move us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 15600. The complexities of the data and the risks involved have been thoroughly considered, and this price reflects my position while still acknowledging the seller's recent offer. Let's find a resolution that respects the value of the data and fosters a positive outcome for both parties.