Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a meaningful enhancement in performance, which can be valuable in data-driven applications. The long data life suggests sustained relevance and usability over time, which adds to its value. However, the absence of information regarding data entropy and market limits the confidence in the valuation, as it raises uncertainty about the product's overall applicability and demand.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': "The product has a Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which indicates a moderate enhancement in performance. The capacity is deemed sufficient, and the low data entropy suggests that the data is reliable and easy to work with. Additionally, the long data life implies that the data will remain relevant for an extended period. However, the market score of 0.4 indicates moderate demand. The absence of historical data (NULL) slightly lowers confidence in the product's past performance. Overall, the combination of traits suggests a reasonable price in the data product market.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:4725.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 8000. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement, coupled with the reliable and easy-to-work-with nature of the data due to low entropy. The long data life ensures ongoing relevance, and I believe this price captures the value of these attributes effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. While I acknowledge the enhancement in performance and the reliable attributes of the data, my valuation considers the uncertainty surrounding data entropy and market applicability. Therefore, I believe a price closer to my assessment is more fitting at this stage.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. This price reflects the value of the data's performance enhancement, while also addressing my concerns about data entropy and market applicability. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the potential of the data while ensuring its reliability.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4900. This price continues to reflect the value of the data while being mindful of the seller's concerns about data entropy and market applicability. It represents a reasonable step towards a mutually beneficial agreement, recognizing the potential of the data without overextending my budget.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 4950. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the buyer's appreciation for the data's performance while still addressing my concerns about its long-term applicability and value in the market. Let's move forward towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 4850. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the seller's concerns while still valuing the data's potential. Let's aim for a resolution that benefits both parties.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 4900. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the data while still addressing my concerns about its long-term applicability. Let's move closer to a resolution that benefits us both.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects a reasonable step towards a mutually beneficial agreement, while still considering the seller's concerns about the data's long-term applicability. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 4850. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the data's potential value while still being mindful of the market concerns we've discussed. Let's make this deal happen!
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4750. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while still valuing the data's potential and addressing the seller's concerns. I'm keen to move forward and finalize this deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 4800. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the data's value while still considering the market dynamics and potential concerns. I believe this is a fair step towards reaching an agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4750. This price reflects my understanding of the data's value while considering the seller's perspective and the ongoing market dynamics. I believe this is a reasonable offer that brings us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4780. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the data's value while also considering the buyer's budget constraints. It¡¯s a reasonable step towards closing this deal successfully.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4700. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the data's value while still being mindful of my budget constraints. It represents a reasonable compromise that takes into account the ongoing negotiations and the potential benefits of this data.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4750. I believe this price reflects the data's value while considering the buyer's budget constraints and the ongoing negotiations. It's a reasonable step towards finalizing the deal, and I am confident it represents a fair compromise for both parties.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4700. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between my budget considerations and the value of the data. It reflects my commitment to moving forward and finalizing the deal while still being mindful of the previous offers made during our negotiations.