Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'While there are several NULL traits, the indication of "enough" capacity suggests that the product can handle a reasonable amount of data, which may appeal to certain buyers. However, the lack of information on performance improvements, data entropy, and market conditions limits the potential value. Therefore, a conservative estimate is proposed.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a significant enhancement in model efficacy, which is valuable to users looking for performance boosts. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle the necessary data loads efficiently. However, the high data entropy and medium data life could indicate variability and potential short-term utility, which may limit the overall market appeal. The market rating of 0.5 suggests moderate demand. Overall, these factors combine to create a product that has potential but also limitations, leading to a moderate price point.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant enhancement in model efficacy indicated by the Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, along with the product's capacity to handle necessary data loads efficiently. Despite some limitations, this product has valuable potential in the market, justifying a higher initial offer.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. Given the current offer of 18000, my price reflects a more cautious and realistic assessment of the product's value due to its limitations and the uncertainty around its performance enhancements. I believe this price better aligns with the potential risks involved in the purchase.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. I believe this price reflects the significant model efficacy improvements and the considerable market potential of the product, while still acknowledging the buyer's concerns. Let's find a middle ground that recognizes the value we both see in this deal.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I recognize the seller's perspective on the product's improvements and market potential, but I still have reservations based on my previous concerns. This offer aims to balance those considerations while moving closer to a mutually agreeable price.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the product's significant improvements and the strong market potential while still being reasonable enough to engage in negotiations. Let's continue moving forward.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the seller's recent improvements and market potential, while still addressing my concerns about the product's limitations. Let's find common ground and move forward.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects the value of the improvements we've made while still considering the buyer's concerns. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges both the product's potential and the reservations expressed. Let's move forward!
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's improvements while still reflecting my concerns about the product's limitations. It's a reasonable counter that demonstrates my commitment to moving forward while remaining cautious. Let's continue the negotiation.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the ongoing improvements and potential of the product while acknowledging the buyer's concerns. It's a fair compromise that showcases my confidence in the value of the product.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14300. I believe this price acknowledges the improvements made by the seller while still reflecting my concerns about the product's limitations. It¡¯s a reasonable step towards finding a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14450. I believe this price reflects the continuous improvements and market potential of the product while still addressing the buyer's concerns. It strikes a balance that acknowledges the product's value while being reasonable enough to encourage a deal.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14350. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's improvements and the market potential while still addressing my concerns about the product's limitations. It reflects a fair compromise that encourages us to move forward and finalize this deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14400. The product has seen considerable advancements, and I believe this price reflects its true value while also considering the buyer's concerns.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14300. I believe this price reflects a fair acknowledgment of the product's advancements while still addressing my concerns regarding its limitations. This offer shows my willingness to negotiate and find common ground.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14450. The product has shown consistent improvements and holds significant market potential, and I believe this price reflects both its value and the progress made while still being a fair compromise considering the buyer's concerns.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14350. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's improvements and market potential while also reflecting my concerns about the product's limitations. It strikes a balance between the value being offered and my cautious approach to the investment.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects the significant improvements and market potential of the product while also addressing the buyer's concerns about limitations. It's a fair and balanced offer that can lead us closer to a deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 14300. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the seller's improvements and market potential while still considering my concerns about the product's limitations. It represents a fair compromise as we move closer to a final agreement.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 14450. The product has shown consistent improvements and strong market potential, which justifies this price. I believe it reflects a fair value considering both the advancements and the concerns raised.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 14350. I believe this price reflects the improvements in the product while also addressing my concerns about its limitations. It represents a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's points without overstepping my budget.