Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': "The product has enough capacity and a market score of 0.5, indicating moderate demand. However, the lack of information on critical traits such as Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy limits the overall confidence in the product's value. Thus, the valuation is conservative.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a decent enhancement in performance, which can be attractive in a competitive market. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle current demands, and while data entropy is high, it may offer unique or complex insights. However, the medium data life and lack of historical data could limit long-term usability and performance assurance. The market value of 0.5 indicates moderate demand, which supports a reasonable pricing strategy.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1765.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the strong Model Performance Improvement and the unique insights our data product provides despite the medium data life and high entropy. I believe this premium is justified given the competitive market and the product's potential.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. While I acknowledge the strong Model Performance Improvement and unique insights of your data product, the medium data life and high entropy suggest a more conservative valuation is warranted. Given these factors, my offer reflects a fair assessment of the product's potential in the current market.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. The unique insights and strong model performance improvement highlighted by the buyer are valuable, but I still believe my data's medium life and high entropy need to be considered. This price reflects a fair compromise while recognizing the potential benefits.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1800. I believe the strong model performance improvement and unique insights I can gain from this data justify a higher price. While I acknowledge the seller's concerns about medium data life and high entropy, the potential benefits significantly outweigh these considerations. I'm confident this price reflects the true value of the data product.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price strikes a fair balance considering the data's medium life and high entropy, while still acknowledging the buyer's interest in the unique insights and performance improvements. Let's move forward with this compromise.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price maintains a reasonable valuation considering the seller's concerns about data life and entropy, while still recognizing the unique insights and performance improvements that I value. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1725. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the data's medium life and high entropy, while acknowledging the buyer's perspective on its unique insights and performance improvements. I believe this is a fair midpoint that recognizes the value of the data while addressing the inherent risks.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price takes into account the inherent risks associated with the data's medium life and high entropy while still recognizing the unique insights and performance improvements it offers. This amount feels like a fair and reasonable compromise, allowing us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects a balanced assessment of the data's medium life and high entropy while acknowledging its unique insights and potential model performance improvements. Let's find a common ground that can benefit both parties.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1725. This price acknowledges the seller's assessment while still reflecting my recognition of the data's unique insights and potential model performance improvements. I believe this is a fair compromise that can lead us to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1775. This price reflects a balanced approach, recognizing the medium data life and high entropy while still appreciating the unique insights and model performance improvements that have been highlighted.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1750. This price acknowledges the seller's balanced approach while also emphasizing the value of the unique insights and model performance improvements that the data brings. It¡¯s a fair compromise that recognizes both the risks and the advantages.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1770. I believe this price captures the value of the unique insights and model performance improvements while still reflecting the medium data life and high entropy concerns.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1760. The unique insights and model performance improvements justify a strong valuation, but I recognize the seller's perspective on the medium data life and high entropy. This price reflects a balanced approach to our differing viewpoints while remaining competitive in the negotiation.