Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has a high data entropy which indicates rich and diverse data, potentially valuable for analysis. However, the NULL traits suggest uncertainty in model performance and data life, which limits confidence in its overall value. The market value of 0.5 indicates moderate demand, leading to a conservative price estimate.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement to existing models, which can be valuable in competitive markets. The capacity is sufficient, and the market score of 0.5 suggests a decent demand. However, the high data entropy indicates potential complexities in data usage, while the medium data life suggests that the product may not be sustainable long-term without updates. The absence of history makes it difficult to gauge performance or reliability, which lowers confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2425.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 8000. This price reflects the moderate enhancement to existing models indicated by the Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, along with the decent demand suggested by the market score of 0.5. While there are complexities due to high data entropy and a medium data life, the value of this data product in a competitive market justifies my offer.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. The data product shows potential value due to its high data entropy and moderate market demand, but the uncertainties regarding model performance and data life limit its overall worth. My offer reflects a cautious approach given these factors.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2500. I believe this price strikes a balance between the cautiousness I have regarding the uncertainties in model performance and the market demand that has been highlighted. It reflects a more optimistic view while still being reasonable given the circumstances.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2400. I believe this price still maintains a fair value while reflecting the cautious approach due to the uncertainties we've discussed. It also shows my willingness to negotiate closer to the seller's perspective without compromising on the perceived quality and demand for the product.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2600. I believe this price reflects a balance between the market demand and the necessary quality expectations, while also considering the slight increase in interest from previous negotiations. Let's keep the momentum going.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2500. I believe this price strikes an effective balance between my previous offer and the seller's latest proposal, while still reflecting my confidence in the value of the data product. This price keeps the negotiation moving forward and allows us to find common ground.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2700. This price reflects the strong market demand and the potential for improved performance, while still ensuring I maintain a fair value for my data product.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2600. This price reflects my belief in the inherent value of the data product while acknowledging the market dynamics at play. I am confident that this offer strikes a balance between my previous offers and the current demand reflected in your pricing. Let's move forward.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2650. I believe this price reflects the strong market demand while still maintaining a fair value for the data product. It shows my willingness to negotiate while emphasizing the quality and potential of what I'm offering.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2550. I believe this price strikes a fair compromise, acknowledging the seller's perspective on market demand while still reflecting my cautious approach towards the potential uncertainties of the data product. This offer maintains my confidence in the value we¡¯re negotiating towards.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2600. I believe this price reflects a solid balance between market demand and the quality of the data product, while also taking into account the previous negotiations and the current market dynamics.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2500. This price reflects my understanding of the market demand and acknowledges the quality of the data product, while still being mindful of the previous negotiations and the current market dynamics. I believe this offer strikes a fair balance between our positions.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2500. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the market demand and the product's quality, while also acknowledging the uncertainties that exist. It positions us well as we move forward in negotiations.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2400. I believe this price demonstrates my willingness to negotiate while still reflecting the current market dynamics and acknowledging the seller's position. It balances the quality of the product with the uncertainties we are navigating, allowing us to make progress in our discussions.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2450. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the current market dynamics and ongoing negotiations. It acknowledges the buyer's interest while maintaining the value of my product amidst uncertainties.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2400. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between our previous negotiations and reflects the current market dynamics. It acknowledges the seller's position while still being within my budget constraints.