Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and high data entropy, which suggests that it can handle complex data well. However, the medium data life and the lack of information on model performance improvement and history limit its potential. The market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand. Overall, the product has some valuable traits but lacks critical information, leading to a conservative price estimation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be appealing to potential users. The "enough" capacity suggests that the product can handle a decent amount of data, which is a positive trait. However, the high data entropy points to complexity and potential challenges in data interpretation. A medium data life suggests it has a reasonable lifespan but may not be cutting-edge. The market rating of 0.5 indicates moderate demand. Overall, while there are some promising traits, the presence of NULL in the history trait limits confidence in the product\'s track record.', 'confidence': '65%'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 7000. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance and decent data handling capacity of the product, which can be quite appealing in the market. Despite some complexities due to high data entropy, the product still shows potential value, and I'm confident in its worth.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2500. The product has decent capacity and some potential, but its medium data life and lack of performance history limit its true value. I believe a price closer to 2500 reflects the current market conditions and the product's limitations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 6000. I believe this price reflects the product's solid performance enhancement and data handling capabilities while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns about its limitations. This is a fair compromise that should be attractive to both parties.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5500. I believe this price better aligns with the product's limitations while still recognizing its value. It reflects my understanding of the performance enhancements and data handling capabilities, but also considers the concerns raised regarding its medium data life and performance history. This offer should facilitate a constructive dialogue between us.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5700. This price reflects the product's moderate performance enhancement and its decent data handling capacity, while also considering the buyer's concerns about its limitations. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's value while remaining competitive.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5600. This price takes into account the seller¡¯s recent offer of 5700 while still reflecting my concerns about the product's limitations and medium data life. I believe this is a reasonable compromise that recognizes the value while also aligning with my budget constraints.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5700. I believe this price reflects the product's solid performance enhancements and decent data handling capabilities while taking into account the buyer's concerns about its medium data life. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges both value and limitations.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5500. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance considering the product's limitations in data life while still reflecting some of its performance enhancements. It's a fair offer that acknowledges the seller's position while remaining within my budget constraints.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5600. I believe this price fairly reflects the product's value considering its moderate performance enhancements and decent data handling capacity, while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns about its medium data life.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5500. I believe this price balances the product's perceived value with my constraints, taking into account the moderate performance enhancements and the concerns regarding its medium data life.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5600. I believe this price reflects the product's moderate performance enhancements and its decent data handling capacity, while also considering the buyer's concerns regarding its limitations and medium data life. This offer strikes a balance between value and practicality for both parties.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5500. I believe this price aligns with my previous assessments of the product's value, considering its moderate performance enhancements and existing limitations. This offer reflects my continued budget constraints while also acknowledging the seller's proposal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5600. This price reflects the product's balanced performance and data handling capabilities while also considering the buyer's budget constraints. It's a fair middle ground that acknowledges the product's value and limitations, making it a compelling offer.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5500. This price reflects my continued recognition of the product's limitations and aligns with my budget constraints. It's a reasonable offer that acknowledges the seller's perspective while still being mindful of the product's performance capabilities.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5600. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's moderate performance enhancements and the buyer's ongoing budget constraints. I believe this figure represents a fair compromise while still valuing the product's strengths.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while still considering the ongoing budget constraints. It keeps us within a reasonable range as we work towards an agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects a fair assessment of the product's moderate performance and data handling capabilities while considering the buyer's budget constraints. I'm confident this is a reasonable compromise for both parties.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects a fair consideration of the product's moderate performance while still acknowledging the seller's assessment. It allows for a reasonable compromise as we approach the final stages of our negotiation.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5500. The product has decent performance enhancements and a solid data handling capacity, which I believe justifies this price.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5400. This price reflects my recognition of the product's decent performance enhancements and solid data handling capacity while still considering my budget constraints. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the product without exceeding my limits.