Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in model capabilities, which could attract interest in certain markets. The market score of 0.5 suggests a decent demand for the product. However, the presence of NULL traits raises concerns about the completeness of the product, which limits confidence in its overall valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating strong potential for enhancing outcomes. The capacity is sufficient, suggesting it can handle the necessary data load. However, the high data entropy may hint at complexity in data interpretation, and the medium data life suggests it will remain relevant for a moderate duration. The history being NULL could indicate a lack of previous performance data, which is a drawback. The market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand. Overall, the product has strong potential but some uncertainties, leading to a calculated price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:14025.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 17000. This price reflects the strong potential of the data product, showcasing a significant model performance improvement of 0.3, which can greatly enhance outcomes. The capacity is sufficient for the necessary data load, although the high data entropy introduces some complexity. Overall, I believe this price represents the value of the product in the current market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. Given the moderate enhancement indicated by the Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 and the concerns raised by the presence of NULL traits, I believe this price reflects a more realistic assessment of the product¡¯s current value in the market.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. I believe this price reflects a more balanced appreciation of the product's capabilities while still addressing the concerns around its traits. This adjustment aims to find common ground and move the negotiation forward.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14900. I believe this price is a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's adjustment while still reflecting my perspective on the product's value and the need for a more conservative approach in light of the concerns raised. Let's keep the momentum going in our negotiation.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, taking into account the buyer's recent offer of 14900 while still addressing my concerns about the product's valuation. This adjustment allows us to move closer to a deal without undervaluing the potential of the product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between my previous high offer and the seller's current proposal, reflecting my continued interest in the product while being mindful of the valuation concerns presented. This adjustment keeps us moving toward a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14450. I believe this price reflects a slight increase while still addressing the concerns we discussed previously, allowing us to move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14350. I believe this price represents a reasonable step towards closure, reflecting my continued appreciation for the product while addressing the seller's incremental valuation approach. Let's find common ground and finalize this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between our previous negotiations and acknowledges the value of the product while also considering your recent offer. Let's find a way to close this deal.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14300. I believe this price demonstrates my continued commitment to working towards a mutually beneficial agreement while also reflecting the recent offers we've exchanged. Let's keep the momentum going and aim to finalize this deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14350. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the buyer's last offer and our previous discussions. It balances the value of the product with a reasonable expectation for both parties to move forward.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14250. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that demonstrates my commitment to finalizing the deal while still reflecting the value of the product we are negotiating over. It allows for a small step down from my last offer, showing flexibility while keeping the negotiation moving forward.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14200. This reflects a slight reduction in response to the buyer's previous offer of 14250, while still maintaining a firm position on the valuation of the product. I'm optimistic that this price will encourage further negotiation towards a successful deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14150. I believe this price represents a reasonable and competitive offer that acknowledges the seller's recent adjustment while still striving for a mutually beneficial agreement. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14100. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise while still valuing the product appropriately. I'm eager to move towards finalizing this deal, and this offer keeps us within a fair negotiating range.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I believe this price is a fair and reasonable offer that reflects my commitment to closing the deal while still considering the value of the product. This amount allows us to stay close to your recent offer and demonstrates my willingness to negotiate effectively. Let's finalize this agreement!
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 14050. This price reflects my willingness to move closer to your previous offer while still considering the value of the product. Let's work together to finalize this deal effectively.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I believe this price reflects a fair and reasonable valuation of the product while still demonstrating my commitment to finalizing this deal. Let's collaborate to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.