Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement score of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement capability, which is appealing. The capacity being sufficient means it can handle the required data load, while the high data entropy suggests the data is diverse and rich, which is valuable for analytics. However, the medium data life and lack of historical data introduce some uncertainty. The market score of 0.5 suggests a moderate demand, which can balance the overall valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating a decent level of effectiveness. The capacity is deemed "enough," suggesting it can handle the required workload. However, the high data entropy indicates variability and complexity in the data, which might necessitate additional processing or expertise to leverage effectively. With a market rating of 0.5, there is moderate demand for this type of data product. Since the history is NULL, this uncertainty slightly reduces the confidence in the overall value. Overall, the product has potential but also some risks associated with its data quality and market conditions.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:16975.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the product's potential, with a Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 and a moderate market demand rating of 0.5. While there is some complexity in the data, the value it can provide justifies a higher starting price. Let's negotiate.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 14500. Given the moderate model performance improvement and market demand, while the data holds potential, the uncertainties regarding its medium life and lack of historical data suggest a more conservative approach. This price reflects my confidence in the value while considering the complexities involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 17000. The product has shown potential in the market, and considering the moderate demand, I believe this price reflects its value while still being competitive.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 16800. The product's potential is indeed promising, and while I recognize the seller's perspective, I believe my offer reflects a fair compromise, allowing us to move forward without undervaluing the asset.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 16900. This price reflects my confidence in the product's potential while acknowledging the buyer's previous offer of 16800. It's a fair compromise that recognizes the moderate demand and aims to facilitate a successful deal.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 16850. I believe this price strikes a balance between my previous offer and the seller's current proposal. It acknowledges the product's potential while still being mindful of the uncertainties we've discussed. This is a reasonable step towards finalizing a deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 16950. I believe this price reflects the value of the product while also acknowledging the buyer's previous offer of 16850. This slight increase demonstrates my confidence in the product's potential and the ongoing negotiations. Let's work towards a successful conclusion.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 16900. I believe this price represents a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's confidence while still aligning with my valuation of the product's potential. Let's aim for a successful conclusion to this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 16950. I believe this price reflects the confidence I have in the product's value while also considering the buyer's previous offer of 16900. It strikes a fair balance, facilitating the potential for a successful deal.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 16900. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's confidence in the product while also reflecting my interest in securing a deal. It's a balanced approach that brings us closer to an agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 17000. I believe this price reflects the value of the product and is a fair compromise considering the buyer's previous offer of 16900. This amount acknowledges both the product's potential and the need to move forward in our negotiations.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 16950. I believe this price strikes an excellent balance between the seller's valuation and my own budget considerations. It acknowledges the product's potential while still reflecting my commitment to reach a fair and timely agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 17050. I believe this price reflects the value of the product while remaining competitive in the current market conditions.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 16950. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the seller's confidence in the product's value and the ongoing negotiations. I'm aiming to strike a balance between our positions while remaining competitive in the market.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 17000. I believe this price reflects both the product's value and the ongoing negotiations, allowing us to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 16900. This price maintains my position while respecting the seller's latest offer, and I believe it reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's value and our ongoing negotiations.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 17000. I believe this price reflects the product's value and market potential, while also being a fair compromise considering our previous discussions. Let's move closer to a deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 16950. This price is a reasonable step towards closing the deal, reflecting my confidence in the product's value while considering the seller's previous offer. I believe it strikes a fair balance between our positions and can facilitate an agreement in these final rounds.