Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in model performance, which can be valuable for users seeking improvements in their data analytics. The low data entropy suggests that the data is structured and reliable, which adds to its usability. However, the NULL traits regarding data life, history, and market limit the potential for a higher valuation, as they indicate a lack of context and market fit. Nonetheless, the product still holds value due to its performance improvement and low entropy.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a notable Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating potential effectiveness in enhancing existing systems. Additionally, a long data life suggests sustainability and ongoing relevance. Despite the low market score of 0.4, the combination of these positive traits can still support a reasonable price. However, the lack of historical data and the NULL trait does introduce some uncertainty.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 7000. This data product demonstrates a notable Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, which indicates significant potential in enhancing existing systems. Furthermore, its long data life suggests sustainability and ongoing relevance, making it a valuable investment despite the low market score.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4800. While the Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 is valuable, the lack of data life, history, and market fit limits the overall investment appeal. I believe my offer reflects a fair assessment of the data product's potential given these considerations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 6000. The data product has valuable potential, and while I acknowledge the buyer's perspective, I believe my current offer reflects a fair assessment of its capabilities and market fit.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5900. The data product does have potential, but I still have concerns regarding its sustainability and market fit. My offer reflects a balance between recognizing its capabilities and ensuring a fair investment on my part.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the data product's potential and the buyer's concerns about sustainability and market fit, while still valuing the quality and improvements it offers.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5900. I believe this price shows my ongoing commitment to the value of the data product while addressing my concerns regarding its sustainability and market fit. It¡¯s a fair compromise that recognizes the product's potential while remaining cautious.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects my confidence in the data product's significant model performance improvement while addressing the buyer's concerns about sustainability and market fit.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5900. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's potential while maintaining my concerns about sustainability and market fit. Let's find common ground here.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5900. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the buyer's consistent concerns about sustainability and market fit, while still recognizing the potential of the data product. Let's move towards a resolution that acknowledges both our interests.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5800. I believe this price strikes a balance between the product's potential and the concerns regarding its sustainability and market fit. It reflects my commitment to finding a solution that respects both our interests while still acknowledging the need for a cautious approach. Let's keep moving forward toward a resolution.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5900. This price reflects a balanced recognition of the data product's potential while considering the buyer's concerns about sustainability and market fit.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5800. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, addressing my concerns about the product's sustainability and market fit while still recognizing its potential value.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5900. I believe this price accurately reflects the product's potential while addressing the buyer's concerns about sustainability and market fit. It's a fair compromise that recognizes the value of the data product.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5800. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the product's value while also considering my ongoing concerns regarding sustainability and market fit. This offer demonstrates my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement and acknowledges the seller's position.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5800. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's potential while acknowledging the buyer's concerns regarding sustainability and market fit. Let's find a resolution that works for both sides.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5700. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the seller's position while still prioritizing my concerns regarding sustainability and market fit. I believe this offer represents a fair compromise, considering the potential value of the product while also addressing my reservations. Let's work towards a resolution that satisfies both parties.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5700. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing discussions about the data product's potential and the buyer's concerns regarding sustainability and market fit. Let's move closer to an agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5600. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's offer while still reflecting my concerns about the data product's sustainability and market fit. It's a step closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5700. I believe this price strikes a balance between the product's potential and the buyer's concerns about sustainability and market fit. It reflects a reasonable compromise for both parties as we approach the final round of negotiation.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5600. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while still addressing my concerns about sustainability and market fit. It's a reasonable step toward finalizing this deal, keeping in mind both parties' interests.