Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'Despite several traits being NULL, the product has a long data life and sufficient capacity, suggesting it can be valuable for long-term use. However, the lack of information on performance improvement, data entropy, history, and market limits confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a notable Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates a positive enhancement in its effectiveness. The capacity is sufficient, and the data life being long suggests that it can be utilized over an extended period. However, the high data entropy might indicate complexity and variability in the data, which could affect usability. The market score of 0.3 suggests a moderate demand. Overall, these traits lead to a reasonable valuation, but the lack of history makes the valuation less certain.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:5702.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the notable Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 and the long data life, which enhances its value significantly. The complexity indicated by high data entropy adds unique characteristics that can be leveraged for various applications.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4900. While the Model Performance Improvement and long data life are valuable, I believe the additional complexities and NULL traits limit the overall value. My offer reflects a cautious yet optimistic approach based on the product's potential for long-term use.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5800. This price reflects the significant value of the data product while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns about complexities and NULL traits. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes both the strengths and the issues at hand.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the value of the data product while still addressing the concerns about its complexities and NULL traits. It reflects my willingness to negotiate fairly while remaining mindful of the inherent risks involved.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5750. This price reflects the considerable value of the data product while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns about complexities and NULL traits. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes both the data's potential and the inherent risks involved.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the value of the data product while still considering the complexities and risks involved. It's a fair offer that aims to bridge our positions effectively.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5725. This price reflects a careful consideration of the value of the data product, acknowledging its significant potential while also being flexible to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5700. This price acknowledges your recent offer while still reflecting my concerns about the complexities and potential risks associated with the data product. I believe this is a fair compromise that values both our positions.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5705. This price reflects my commitment to recognizing the data product's intrinsic value while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns regarding complexities and NULL traits. I believe this is a fair step forward in our negotiation.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's recognition of the data product's value while still addressing my concerns regarding its complexities and NULL traits. This slight adjustment shows my willingness to move forward in our negotiation.