Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has a long data life and sufficient capacity, which indicates it can be used effectively over time. However, the NULL values for Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, and History suggest limited information on its overall effectiveness and reliability. The market score of 0.3 indicates a low demand, but the long data life adds some value. Thus, the price is set modestly.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating it can enhance performance effectively. The capacity is sufficient, and the data life is long, suggesting durability and ongoing utility. However, the high data entropy may imply complexity in data understanding and application, which could limit its appeal. The market score of 0.3 indicates moderate demand; thus, the valuation reflects a balance between positive features and potential market limitations.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1555.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, which indicates exceptional potential to enhance performance effectively. The long data life and sufficient capacity add value, making it a compelling offer despite some complexity due to high data entropy.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. The significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 might suggest potential, but the limited information due to NULL values and the low market score indicates a need for caution. Given these factors, a lower price reflects the actual value I perceive in this data product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects a balanced assessment of the data product's value, taking into account the performance improvements mentioned, while still maintaining caution due to the complexities and limited information available. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' perspectives.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price is a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's cautious approach while still recognizing the value of the data product. It reflects a willingness to meet in the middle and move forward in this negotiation.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1550. This price reflects a balanced approach, acknowledging the buyer's interest while still considering my cautious stance given the complexities and limited information surrounding the data product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1560. I believe this slight increase reflects my recognition of the seller's cautious approach while still valuing the data product's potential benefits. This price positions us closer to a deal, considering the complexities involved.