Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity and exhibits high data entropy, indicating it has the potential to provide valuable insights or analytics. However, the lack of information regarding model performance improvement and other traits limits confidence in its effectiveness and market readiness. This suggests a moderate price point.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates potential effectiveness in enhancing model outputs. The capacity is sufficient, and the data life is long, suggesting that it can be utilized effectively over time. However, the high data entropy may imply complexity in data interpretation. Despite the NULL history trait, which limits insight into past performance, the moderate market score suggests there is an existing demand. Overall, these factors lead to a reasonable expected price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 and the long data life, indicating strong potential for enhancing model outputs despite the complexities involved. I believe this price captures the value and demand for the product effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. Given the uncertainties surrounding model performance improvement and the lack of comprehensive information about its effectiveness, I believe this price is more aligned with the current market conditions and the inherent risks involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. This price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the potential value of the product while still addressing the risks involved. I believe this offer aligns with both the market potential and the uncertainties we've discussed.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's potential while still acknowledging the risks and uncertainties involved. It also demonstrates my willingness to find a mutually beneficial agreement as we move forward.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this is a fair assessment considering the potential of the product while still acknowledging the associated risks. This price reflects my willingness to negotiate towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I believe this price maintains a balanced approach, acknowledging the risks while still valuing the product's potential. It reflects my intent to reach a compromise that benefits both parties as we move closer to a final agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14200. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's potential and the inherent risks, and it demonstrates my willingness to negotiate towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14100. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's position while also considering the risks associated with the product. I believe it is a reasonable step towards reaching an agreement that works for both parties.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14150. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the potential of the product and the associated risks, while also considering the buyer's recent offer and the need for a constructive negotiation.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14050. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the risks associated with the product while still recognizing its potential value. It allows us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement and keeps the negotiation progressing.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14100. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, taking into account the ongoing discussions around potential and risks associated with the product. I'm eager to move forward and find common ground.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between recognizing the seller's position and the inherent risks associated with the product. I appreciate the ongoing dialogue and am keen to reach an agreement that satisfies both parties.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14050. I believe this price reflects a solid compromise considering the ongoing discussions and the potential of the product, while still acknowledging the associated risks. Let's move towards finalizing this deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the ongoing negotiations and the potential value of the product, while still being cautious about the associated risks. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14050. I believe this price reflects the ongoing negotiations and the potential of the product while also acknowledging the risks involved. Let's move towards a resolution that is beneficial for both parties.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 13950. I believe this price takes into account the ongoing negotiations and reflects a reasonable compromise, while still acknowledging the inherent risks associated with the product. Let's work towards an agreement that recognizes both sides' perspectives.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 14000. I believe this price reflects a fair balance considering the current negotiations and acknowledges the ongoing risks while still valuing the potential of the product.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 13900. I believe this price reflects my commitment to moving forward while still acknowledging the risks associated with the product. It is a slight adjustment to facilitate an agreement that serves both parties' interests.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 13950. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the associated risks of the product. It acknowledges the buyer's previous offer while ensuring that I remain confident in the value of what I'm selling.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 13850. I believe this price reflects a continued effort to reach a mutually beneficial agreement while still acknowledging the risks associated with the product. It shows my willingness to negotiate further while remaining aware of the product's value.