Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity and high data entropy, indicating it can handle complex data but lacks clarity on model performance and data life. The market demand is relatively low at 0.3, which suggests limited interest. However, the combination of capacity and high data entropy adds some value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a reasonable enhancement in model performance, which can be attractive to potential buyers. The capacity is sufficient, and the long data life suggests that the data product can provide value over an extended period. However, the high data entropy may indicate a complexity that could deter some users. The market value of 0.3 suggests that there is moderate demand but indicates that it might not be a top-tier product. The lack of historical data (NULL) does lower confidence in the product's reliability and potential. Overall, these factors together suggest a mid-range price point.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1972.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the value of the data product, considering its Model Performance Improvement, sufficient capacity, and long data life, which contribute to its attractiveness despite the complexities indicated by high data entropy. I believe this price positions the product competitively in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. Given the market demand is relatively low at 0.3, and while the product has some attractive features, the lack of clarity on model performance and data life significantly diminishes its perceived value. My offer reflects a cautious yet fair assessment based on these factors.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2000. Given the low market demand and the need to find a fair compromise, I believe this price reflects a more realistic valuation while still acknowledging the potential value of the product.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1900. This price acknowledges the seller's concerns about market demand while still reflecting a fair compromise based on the potential value of the data product.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2100. This reflects a balance between acknowledging the buyer's concerns and the value that the data product can bring, while also being mindful of the market dynamics. Let's move towards a resolution that satisfies both parties.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2000. This price reflects my continued recognition of the value the data product presents, while also considering the market dynamics and previous discussions. I'm looking for a resolution that is favorable for both of us.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2050. I believe this price reflects a reasonable balance between the product's value and the current market conditions while still allowing for some negotiation flexibility.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price represents a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's value while considering the current market conditions. It reflects my willingness to negotiate and find common ground for both parties.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2025. This price reflects a slight increase, taking into account the ongoing negotiations and the potential value of the product while still being realistic given market conditions. Let's move closer to a resolution.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2000. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my assessment of the product's market value and demand. I believe this is a fair compromise that can lead us closer to a successful agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2000. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's value and the current market dynamics, while also maintaining a spirit of collaboration in our negotiation.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1950. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between acknowledging the seller's previous offer and reflecting my ongoing commitment to find a collaborative solution in this negotiation.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1980. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the ongoing negotiation dynamics while still considering the market conditions. Let's find a mutually agreeable solution.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1950. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's latest offer while still reflecting my desire to secure a fair deal based on the product's value and market conditions. Let's work towards a resolution that benefits both parties.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1975. Given the recent trends in our negotiations and the buyer's last offer of 1980, I believe this new price is a fair middle ground that reflects the current market conditions while still valuing the product appropriately.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1970. I believe this price reflects a reasonable adjustment given the seller's latest offer while still acknowledging the product's inherent value.