Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and a long data life, indicating that it can store and utilize data effectively over time. The high data entropy suggests that the data is diverse and potentially valuable, which can be advantageous for various applications. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement, history, and market limits the confidence in its valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which is valuable for businesses looking to optimize their data products. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle current demands, and a long data life implies sustainability and ongoing relevance. However, the high data entropy may pose challenges for data reliability and usability. Given the market factor of 0.3, it reflects limited demand or niche application, which balances the overall valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1655.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. Given the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, coupled with the sufficient capacity and long data life, this price reflects the product's intrinsic value and potential for optimization in business applications.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. While I appreciate the seller's perspective, I believe the intrinsic value of the data product is not fully reflected in the current offer. Given the uncertainties surrounding model performance and market limits, I feel a lower price aligns better with the potential risks involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects the product's enhanced capabilities while still addressing your concerns about performance uncertainties and market risks. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges the value while being fair to both parties.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price is a reasonable compromise that recognizes the seller's improved capabilities while still accounting for the performance uncertainties and market risks we've discussed. Let's work together to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. The improvements in performance and the potential of this product warrant a price that reflects its value while still being a reasonable compromise for both parties.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The previous discussions have shown that while the product does have improvements, there are still uncertainties regarding its true value and market risks. This price reflects a fair balance between acknowledging the enhancements while still ensuring a reasonable compromise for both parties.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1660. I believe this price reflects the product's improved performance while still acknowledging the risks involved. It¡¯s a fair compromise that values both parties' perspectives.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the improvements in the product's performance while still addressing the inherent risks and uncertainties that come with it. It's a reasonable offer that reflects our ongoing negotiation and my intention to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.