Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate level of enhancement, which can be valuable for users looking to optimize their models. The long data life suggests that the product can be used over an extended period, increasing its utility. However, the presence of several NULL traits (Data Entropy, History, Market) indicates a lack of comprehensive information, which slightly reduces the confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates its effectiveness in enhancing model accuracy or efficiency. The capacity being "enough" suggests that it can handle the required data volume, while a high data entropy implies a rich dataset that can provide valuable insights. The long data life is a positive aspect, suggesting that the data remains relevant over time. However, the market score of 0.3 is relatively low, indicating limited market demand. Therefore, the price reflects a balance between the strong performance features and the lower market demand.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1715.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, the dataset's rich insights due to high data entropy, and its long relevance period. Despite the lower market score, the product's effectiveness and value justify this premium price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. While I acknowledge the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 and the product's long relevance period, the presence of NULL traits raises concerns about its comprehensive value. Thus, a lower price is more appropriate for this deal.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. The model demonstrates significant performance improvements and valuable insights that justify this price, while I still have some reservations regarding the NULL traits. This offer strikes a balance between acknowledging the model's strengths and addressing my concerns.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects the substantial improvements and insights provided by the model while also addressing the seller's concerns about the NULL traits. It represents a fair compromise that acknowledges the model's strengths and allows for further negotiation.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. The model has demonstrated considerable performance improvements, and I believe this price reflects its true value while also addressing the concerns about NULL traits.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price fairly acknowledges the significant performance improvements of the model while still considering the concerns regarding NULL traits. It's a balanced approach that reflects both the value and the necessary caution in this deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1720. The model has demonstrated notable improvements, and while I have some reservations about NULL traits, I believe this price reflects a fair balance between its strengths and the concerns raised. Let's move forward with a reasonable agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1710. The model's performance improvements are noteworthy, and while I acknowledge the seller's concerns about NULL traits, I believe my offer reflects a fair valuation that recognizes both the strengths of the model and the need for caution. Let's find common ground and move forward.