Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be attractive to potential users. Additionally, the product has a long data life, suggesting it can be utilized effectively over time. However, the NULL traits, particularly Data Entropy and History, limit the assessment of its overall robustness and market fit. The market score of 0.3 shows a potential but uncertain demand. Hence, the price is set conservatively.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 suggests a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be beneficial. The "enough" capacity indicates sufficient resources, while high data entropy and long data life contribute to the product\'s potential value in terms of robustness and longevity. However, the market value is low at 0.3, which indicates limited demand. The NULL history trait means there is no track record to assess, which diminishes confidence in the valuation. Overall, the combination of these traits suggests a moderate value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1525.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the strong potential of the data product, given its moderate enhancement in performance, sufficient resources, and the robustness indicated by high data entropy and longevity. While the market value is low, I believe the unique attributes of this data product warrant a premium price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. Given the moderate enhancement in performance and the limitations in data entropy and historical context, I believe this price accurately reflects the product's potential while remaining competitive in the market.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2000. The value of this data product is significant given its unique attributes and potential for growth, which justifies a price increase from my previous offer. I believe this new price reflects a more competitive stance while still acknowledging the performance limitations discussed.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1900. The value of this data product is indeed compelling, but I believe my offer reflects a balanced approach between recognizing its potential and the performance limitations that have been mentioned. This price still demonstrates my commitment to finding a fair agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2000. The data product has unique attributes that justify a higher value, and I believe this price reflects its strong potential while remaining competitive in the market.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this price strikes a fair balance given the unique attributes of the data product while also considering its performance limitations. I'm confident this offer reflects both the product's potential and the current market conditions.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1950. I believe this price reflects a fair recognition of the product's unique attributes and potential while considering its performance limitations. It positions us closer to a mutual agreement without undervaluing the product's worth.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1850. I believe this price recognizes the product's unique attributes while remaining competitive in light of its performance limitations. This offer reflects a balanced consideration of both parties' positions and brings us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1900. This price acknowledges the product's unique attributes and market potential while still being competitive in light of previous offers.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1800. I believe this price is a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's unique attributes while considering the seller's previous offers and the competitive market landscape.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1850. This price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the product's unique potential while considering market competitiveness. Let's find a resolution that benefits us both.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1750. This price acknowledges the seller's perspective while aiming to find a middle ground that reflects the data product's unique potential and market competitiveness. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1800. I believe this price reflects the product's unique potential while remaining competitive in the market. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' interests and paves the way for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the product's potential while considering the performance limitations discussed in previous rounds. It's a fair step towards reaching an agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the product's unique potential while still being competitive in the current market. Let's move forward towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price recognizes the unique potential of the product while remaining competitive in the current market context. It's a fair step towards reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects a fair assessment of the product's unique attributes while considering the competitive market dynamics we've discussed in previous rounds. It's a step towards finding common ground and reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price appropriately reflects the value of the product while also considering the ongoing negotiations. It's a reasonable step towards finalizing our deal, taking into account the previous offers and the current market situation.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 1550. This price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging both the product's unique potential and the competitive market landscape. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's current value while considering the previous offers and market dynamics. Let's finalize this agreement.