Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant model performance improvement (MPI of 0.3) which suggests it can deliver noteworthy results, making it valuable. The capacity is sufficient, and the data life is long, indicating longevity and reliability. However, the high data entropy may imply complexity, and the absence of market and history data limits understanding of its demand or past performance. This leads to a moderate price expectation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can attract users looking for improved outcomes. The capacity is sufficient, and the long data life suggests longevity and reliability in usage. However, the high data entropy may imply complexity or unpredictability in the data, which can be seen as a downside. The market score of 0.3 reflects a limited demand, which could lower the expected price. Overall, while there are promising traits, the presence of high data entropy and a low market score tempers the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1675.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement and the longevity of the data's usage. While there are some complexities due to high data entropy, the potential for improved outcomes and sufficient capacity justifies a higher starting price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price considers the moderate improvements in performance and the longevity of the data, while also taking into account the complexities posed by high data entropy. I believe this offer reflects a fair value given the circumstances.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. Given the recent discussions on performance improvements and data longevity, I believe this price reflects a balanced value considering both parties' perspectives. It allows for a fair compromise while still acknowledging the market's demands and the quality of the data product.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price strikes a fair balance that acknowledges the value of the data product while reflecting our discussions on performance improvements and data longevity. It positions us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement without straying too far from the previous offers.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1680. I believe this price reflects a fair value for the data product considering the moderate performance improvements and the longevity of the data, while still being competitive in light of the buyer's previous offer.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1670. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's valuation while still reflecting my commitment to achieve a favorable deal. This slight adjustment demonstrates my willingness to negotiate, while ensuring I remain within a reasonable range for the value of the data product.