Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product demonstrates a significant model performance improvement (MPI of 0.3) and has a long data life, indicating potential for sustained use and relevance in the market. Although the market trait is lower (0.3), the capacity being sufficient and high data entropy suggest that it can provide valuable insights, making it attractive despite some uncertainty due to the NULL history trait.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates that it can enhance the efficiency of existing systems. Additionally, the capacity is marked as "enough," suggesting it can handle current demands. However, the high data entropy may imply complexity which could pose challenges for users. The long data life is beneficial, indicating sustained value over time. Despite the NULL history, the market rating of 0.3 suggests there is some demand, but it is relatively limited. Overall, the strengths balance out the weaknesses, leading to a moderate price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1675.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, indicating that our data product can greatly enhance system efficiency. The robust capacity to handle current demands combined with its long data life adds substantial value, despite the complexities posed by high data entropy. I'm confident that this is a fair valuation that acknowledges the product's strengths.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The data product does seem to have potential, but considering the complexities involved and the market traits, I believe this price better reflects the current offering. Let¡¯s work together to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. The value of the product demonstrates a substantial performance improvement, and I believe this price reflects its true worth while remaining competitive in the market.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price strikes a balance between the significant value the product delivers and the market dynamics we've discussed. It reflects a fair appreciation of the substantial performance improvements while remaining competitive.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1680.0. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's substantial performance improvements and the current market dynamics while remaining competitive.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1670.0. This price acknowledges the seller's assessment of the product's performance improvements while still reflecting my valuation based on market conditions and competition. It positions us closer to an agreement while respecting the value of the product.