Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity, which indicates it can handle the required workload, but the lack of information on performance improvement, data entropy, data life, history, and market makes it difficult to assess its full potential. Thus, the valuation is conservative.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a notable Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating a potential for significant enhancement in performance. The capacity is described as "enough," which suggests it can handle the required data loads. Additionally, a high data entropy indicates that the data is diverse and complex, which could be valuable in various applications. The long data life adds to the product\'s durability and relevance in the market. However, the market score of 0.4 indicates moderate demand, which tempers the overall valuation. The absence of historical data limits confidence but does not fundamentally undermine the product\'s value in a promising market context.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1675.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the notable Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, the sufficient capacity for handling data loads, and the high data entropy indicating valuable diversity. While the market score suggests moderate demand, the product's long data life and potential for significant enhancement justify a higher starting price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The seller's initial offer of 1800 is quite high given my conservative valuation due to the uncertainties surrounding the product's performance improvement and market demand. While I acknowledge the product's capacity and potential, I believe a lower price is more appropriate to reflect the risk involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's performance improvement and the uncertainties in market demand, while still acknowledging the buyer's interest.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price reflects my willingness to meet halfway, recognizing the product's potential while remaining cautious about market demand. It balances the seller's offer and my previous stance, aiming for a fair deal that acknowledges both parties' interests.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1680. I believe this price reflects a balanced compromise, taking into account the product's potential while acknowledging the current market uncertainties. This way, we can move closer to a deal that satisfies both parties.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1670. This price is a reasonable step towards a mutually beneficial agreement, reflecting my acknowledgment of the product's capabilities while still considering the market dynamics. Let's work together to finalize this deal.