Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': 'The product has a high data entropy which indicates valuable and diverse data, but the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement and Data Life limits its usability and potential effectiveness. Additionally, the market score of 0.4 suggests moderate demand, which also affects the overall valuation. Given these factors, a mid-range price is justified.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': "The product exhibits a Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates a decent enhancement in performance. The capacity is sufficient, and the data life is long, suggesting that the product can be utilized effectively over time. However, the high data entropy indicates complexity, which could make it challenging for some users to extract value. The market score of 0.4 suggests there is some demand, but it's moderate. Given these factors, a price of 7500 reflects a balanced assessment of the product's strengths and weaknesses.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 9000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 and the product's long data life, which enhances its value. While there is complexity due to high data entropy, I believe the strengths justify a premium price in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2000. While I appreciate the seller's emphasis on Model Performance Improvement and long data life, the high data entropy and moderate market score suggest that a much lower price is more aligned with the product's actual market value and potential usability.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 3000. The significant data entropy and the moderate market score still justify a cautious approach to pricing, but I am willing to negotiate further to facilitate a deal.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2900. Given the seller's acknowledgment of significant data entropy and a moderate market score, I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while still recognizing the value of the data product. Let's move forward and find common ground.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2800. This price reflects a balance between the buyer's previous offer and the current market conditions, considering the data entropy and the moderate market score that still supports value in the product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2700. I believe this reflects a fair compromise between the previous offers and recognizes the value of the data product while still accounting for the current market conditions and data entropy.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2700. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the value of the data product and current market conditions. It acknowledges the buyer's interest while ensuring I receive adequate compensation for the quality and performance of the product.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2600. I believe this price strikes a balance between my previous offers and the seller's current proposition, while still recognizing the value of the data product in light of market conditions. This approach reflects both my serious intent to negotiate and the need to stay within a reasonable budget.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2650. Given the previous offers and market conditions, this price reflects a reasonable compromise while still recognizing the product's value.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2550. I believe this price continues to reflect a fair compromise given our previous discussions while recognizing the product's value and my budget constraints. Let's move closer to an agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2600. This price reflects a fair value considering the current market conditions and previous negotiations, while also acknowledging the buyer's interest in a compromise.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2500. This price is a reasonable adjustment that reflects the ongoing negotiations while still recognizing the need to stay within budget constraints. It acknowledges the seller's previous offer while aiming for a fair compromise that respects both parties' interests.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2550. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while taking into account the buyer's budget constraints and the current market conditions. Let's move towards a successful deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2450. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between my budget constraints and the fair value of the product, while also reflecting the ongoing negotiations. Let's work towards a successful agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2500. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, taking into account your previous offer of 2450 and the current market conditions. It's a reasonable step towards closing this deal while acknowledging the value of the data product.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2400. I believe this price reflects my ongoing commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement while still considering my budget constraints. It's a reasonable step towards closing the deal and recognizes the value of the data product.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 2450. I believe this price strikes a balance between the buyer's budget and the product's value while acknowledging the ongoing negotiations. It's a step toward a mutually beneficial agreement as we approach the final rounds.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 2350. I believe this price reflects my continued commitment to finding a fair resolution while acknowledging the value of the product and the seller's latest offer. This is a reasonable compromise as we approach the final rounds of negotiation.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 2400. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's inherent value and the current market conditions, while still considering your previous offer of 2450. Let's reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 2300. I believe this price is a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my budget constraints. It's essential to find a balance between value and affordability as we aim for a successful conclusion in this negotiation.