Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': "The product has enough capacity and a long data life, which are positive traits for potential buyers. However, the high data entropy suggests that the data may be complex and challenging to work with, potentially lowering its appeal. The market score of 0.4 indicates moderate demand, but the NULL values for Model Performance Improvement and History hinder a full assessment of the product's capabilities. Overall, the product has value due to its long data life and sufficient capacity, but the uncertainties reduce confidence.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating that it can enhance performance effectively. The capacity is described as "enough," suggesting it can handle the necessary data load. High data entropy might imply that the data is diverse and thus valuable in various applications. The long data life suggests durability and ongoing relevance. However, the market score of 0.4 indicates moderate demand, which could limit the price somewhat. The absence of historical data is a concern but not critical given other positive traits.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:16875.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, indicating that my data product can substantially enhance performance across various applications. The capacity being "enough" ensures it can handle the necessary data load, while the high data entropy adds to its diversity and value. Although the market score is moderate, the durability indicated by the long data life further supports this pricing.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 14000. While I recognize the potential value of the product, the high data entropy and moderate market score introduce uncertainty. Therefore, I believe a lower price reflects the current market conditions and the complexities involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 17000. The significant model performance improvement and durability are compelling, but I still have concerns about data entropy and market score, which justifies a slightly lower price.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 16800. The model's performance improvement and durability are indeed impressive, but I believe my offer reflects a fair valuation considering the concerns regarding data entropy and market score. This price strikes a balance between recognizing the product's strengths and the current market uncertainties.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 16900. I believe this price reflects the impressive model performance and durability while addressing the concerns about data entropy and market score, ensuring a fair compromise between our positions.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 16850. I believe this price strikes a balance between the impressive model performance and durability that has been highlighted, while still acknowledging the seller's concerns about data entropy and market score. It reflects my commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 16950. I believe this price reflects the improved model performance and durability while still addressing concerns about data entropy and market score. It strikes a balance between the value of the data product and the buyer's previous offer.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 16800. I believe this price continues to reflect the significant improvements in model performance and durability while also considering the ongoing concerns regarding data entropy and market score. This offer maintains a competitive edge and demonstrates my commitment to reaching a fair agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 16900. I believe this price reflects the improved model performance and durability while addressing both parties' concerns. It provides a fair value that is competitive yet reasonable in the current market context.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 16850. I believe this price maintains a competitive stance while recognizing the improvements in model performance and durability that have been highlighted. It shows my willingness to negotiate effectively while staying mindful of the market context.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 16950. I believe this price reflects the improved model performance and durability that have been emphasized throughout our discussions, while still addressing the concerns regarding data entropy and market score. This offer aims to strike a balance between both parties' interests and drive towards a fair agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 16850. I believe this price still reflects the value of the improved model performance and durability discussed, while also considering the uncertainties surrounding data entropy and market score. This offer is positioned to encourage a productive negotiation while staying within a reasonable range.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 16900. I believe this price reflects the significant improvements in model performance and durability, while still addressing the concerns raised about data entropy and market score. It's a fair compromise that allows us to move forward.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 16800. I believe this price accurately reflects the enhancements in model performance and durability while still being mindful of the ongoing concerns regarding data entropy and market score. It's a balanced approach that allows us to progress towards an agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 16900. I believe this price reflects the significant improvements in model performance and durability while also addressing concerns about data entropy and market score. It represents a fair balance for both parties as we move closer to a successful agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 16850. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the improvements in model performance and durability while still addressing the ongoing concerns about data entropy and market score. It's a fair offer that brings us closer to a successful agreement.