Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The model performance improvement of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in the product's capabilities, which can be valuable in certain sectors. However, the lack of information on data entropy, data life, history, and market limits the ability to assess the product's overall value comprehensively. Given these factors, a conservative price is justified.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 and has a long data life, which indicates it can provide ongoing value. The market indicator of 0.4 suggests a reasonable level of demand. However, high data entropy can imply complexity and potential challenges in usage. The lack of historical data (NULL) limits confidence in predicting future performance, but the other traits still suggest a valuable product.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:5712.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 8000. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 and the long data life that indicates ongoing value, combined with a reasonable market demand level of 0.4. Despite some challenges due to high data entropy and the lack of historical data, the product's overall worth is significant and warrants this valuation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4500. Given the moderate model performance improvement of 0.3 and the uncertainties regarding data entropy, data life, and historical context, I believe this price better reflects the conservative valuation warranted under the current circumstances.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 6000. I believe this price reflects a more balanced assessment of the model's performance and the ongoing value it presents, while still acknowledging the uncertainties in the market.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between acknowledging the ongoing value of the model and the market uncertainties, while still moving closer to a reasonable agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5900. I believe this price reflects a solid compromise, acknowledging the moderate performance and ongoing value of the model while still addressing the uncertainties we've discussed. Let's move forward with a fair deal.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5800. This price maintains a reasonable balance between the moderate performance and the ongoing value of the model while respecting the seller's position. I believe it's a fair step forward in our negotiations.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5900. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the model's ongoing value while considering the market's current uncertainties. It strikes a balance that acknowledges both our positions and paves the way for a potential agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5800. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that reflects the ongoing value of the model while addressing the seller¡¯s concerns about market uncertainties. It demonstrates my willingness to negotiate and move closer to an agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5850. I believe this price reflects a solid compromise, acknowledging the model's moderate performance while still providing value that respects the ongoing market conditions.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5800. I believe this price maintains a fair reflection of the model's moderate performance while still honoring the seller's perspective on value amidst current market conditions. This offer allows us to remain in touch with the market reality while moving closer to a potential agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5800. This price reflects a fair balance between our positions and acknowledges the model's moderate performance while also considering market conditions. Let's find a resolution that works for both of us.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance, taking into account the model's performance while still recognizing the current market conditions. Let's aim for a resolution that is beneficial for both parties.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5750. I believe this price reflects a reasonable balance, considering the ongoing negotiations and the model's performance amidst market uncertainties. This represents a slight increase while still addressing the buyer's concerns about value.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price is a fair compromise that recognizes the seller's recent offer while also reflecting my concerns about the model's performance amidst current market conditions. Let's find a middle ground that respects both our perspectives.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5725. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the ongoing discussions and the need to acknowledge the buyer's position while still valuing the model appropriately.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5700. This price aligns with my previous offers and reflects my assessment of the model's value, considering the ongoing negotiations and the need for a fair compromise.