Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a reasonable enhancement in performance, which can be valuable depending on the application. The product has a long data life, suggesting that it could be utilized effectively over time. However, the lack of data on entropy, history, and market means there's uncertainty surrounding its applicability and demand. Given these factors, the valuation reflects a balance between potential utility and the uncertainties involved.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating it can enhance performance effectively. The capacity being "enough" suggests that it can handle the required data volume, while a high data entropy implies a diverse dataset which is valuable for insights. The long data life adds to the product\'s longevity and relevance in the market. However, the market score of 0.4 suggests moderate demand. Overall, these traits indicate a solid value proposition.', 'confidence': 'high'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 20000. This data product demonstrates a significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, ensuring it can greatly enhance performance. Its capacity is robust enough to manage the necessary data volume, and the high data entropy indicates a diverse and insightful dataset. Additionally, the longevity of the data amplifies its market relevance. Therefore, I believe this price reflects its solid value proposition.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 12000. While the Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 is notable, the uncertainties surrounding the data's applicability and the lack of information on entropy and history warrant a more cautious approach to pricing. I believe this offer reflects a fair balance given the potential utility and the risks involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 19000. The data's strong model performance improvement and its market relevance still justify a premium price, but I'm open to negotiation to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 18000. The seller's price of 19000 is still quite high considering my previous concerns about applicability and missing information. However, I recognize the value of the data and want to move closer to an agreement. This offer reflects a balance between the seller's assessment of the data's quality and my budget constraints.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 18500. I believe this price reflects the strong performance metrics and the market relevance of the data while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns about applicability. This is a fair compromise that can lead us closer to a successful deal.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 18400. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's strong performance claims while still addressing my concerns about the data's applicability. This allows us to move closer to a successful agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 18550. This price reflects the strong performance metrics and relevance of the data, while also considering the buyer's previous offer. I'm confident that this is a fair and competitive price for the value provided.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 18450. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the data's value and addressing my concerns regarding its applicability. I'm still cautious but open to finding common ground.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 18575. The data's strong performance metrics and market relevance continue to justify a premium price, and I am confident that this offer reflects its true value while still allowing for a reasonable negotiation space.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 18425. The data's performance metrics are strong, but I still have concerns about its applicability. My offer reflects a balance between recognizing its value and addressing those concerns, allowing for a constructive negotiation.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 18550.0. This price reflects the strong performance metrics and market relevance of the data, while still being competitive in the ongoing negotiation. I believe this is a fair midpoint that acknowledges both the value of the data and the buyer's concerns.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 18450.0. This price reflects my continued acknowledgment of the data's value while still addressing my concerns about its applicability. I believe this is a fair compromise that respects both parties' positions in this negotiation.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 18500. The data continues to demonstrate strong performance metrics and relevance within the market, making it a valuable asset. I'm confident that this price reflects both the quality of the data and the current market conditions.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 18400. The data has shown consistent performance, but I still have reservations regarding its overall applicability. My offer reflects a balance between acknowledging the seller¡¯s claims and my concerns about the data's fit for my specific needs. Let's find a middle ground that works for both of us.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 18525. The data's outstanding performance metrics and market relevance warrant a price that reflects its true value, while still being flexible enough to move towards a deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 18400. I believe this price acknowledges the data's value while still addressing my concerns regarding its applicability. It's a fair compromise that keeps us moving towards a potential agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 18500. This price reflects the strong performance metrics and market relevance of the data, while also considering the ongoing negotiation dynamics. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the data while still being competitive in our discussions.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 18400. The seller's offer is close to my previous price, and I believe this amount reflects a fair assessment of the data¡¯s value while still addressing my concerns about its applicability. Let's work towards a resolution in these final rounds.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 18525. This price reflects the strong performance metrics and market relevance of the data, demonstrating its value while also considering the buyer's recent counter. I believe this is a fair compromise that balances both parties' interests.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 18400. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation of the data while still considering the strong performance metrics and market relevance highlighted by the seller. It aligns with my previous offers and acknowledges the value of the data without overshooting my budget.