Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a decent enhancement in performance, which can be appealing to potential buyers looking for efficiency gains. The "long" data life also suggests that the product can be used effectively over an extended period, adding to its value. However, the NULL values in Data Entropy and History create some uncertainty about the product\'s overall robustness and reliability, leading to a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a significant enhancement in performance, which can be highly valuable in competitive markets. The capacity being sufficient and the data life being long further support the product's longevity and usability. The high data entropy suggests that the data is rich and varied, which can enhance model training and performance. However, the market metric of 0.4 indicates moderate demand, which tempers the overall valuation. The lack of historical data makes the valuation somewhat uncertain, but the other positive traits provide a solid foundation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, which positions the data product as a valuable asset in competitive markets. The product's long data life and high data entropy further enhance its appeal, making it a strong investment for those looking to improve their model training and performance.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 14000. The Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 and the long data life are compelling, but the NULL values in Data Entropy and History introduce some uncertainty. Therefore, a lower price reflects my cautious approach while still recognizing the product's potential value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 17500. The product's significant Model Performance Improvement and long data life add undeniable value that justifies this price. I'm confident that this is a fair and competitive offer considering the benefits provided.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 17200. The product's impressive Model Performance Improvement and extensive data longevity make it a valuable addition, but I believe my offer reflects a more balanced perspective on the price considering our previous discussions.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 17400. The product's significant Model Performance Improvement and long data life are compelling, and I believe this price reflects its true value while remaining competitive in our negotiations.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 17300. The product's impressive Model Performance Improvement and extended data life are certainly valuable, but I believe my offer better reflects the competitive market conditions while still acknowledging the quality of the product.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 17500. This price reflects the strong value of the product, considering its significant model performance improvement and long data life, while also recognizing the ongoing negotiations.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 17300. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the product's strong value and the importance of long data life, balanced against my previous offers and the need to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 17400. I believe this price reflects the product's exceptional performance and longevity while keeping it attractive for both parties. It aligns well with market expectations and our previous discussions.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 17200. This price reflects my understanding of the product's strong performance and longevity while also acknowledging the current market conditions. It represents a fair balance for both parties, and I believe it can lead us toward a successful agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 17450. This price reflects the product's exceptional model performance improvement and long data life while remaining competitive in the current market conditions. Let's move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 17350. This price reflects my recognition of the product's strong model performance improvement and long data life, while also considering the competitive market conditions. I believe this offer strikes a fair balance for both parties as we work towards a successful agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 17400. The product's exceptional model performance improvement and long data life justify this competitive price, ensuring a fair deal for both parties while reflecting current market conditions.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 17350. The product's outstanding performance and longevity are crucial factors that warrant a competitive pricing strategy. While I recognize the seller's position, I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that aligns with both the product's value and current market dynamics.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 17450. Given the product's exceptional model performance and long data life, I believe this price reflects its true value while still being reasonable in our ongoing negotiations.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 17350. I believe this price fairly reflects the product's exceptional model performance and long data life while staying competitive in our negotiations. Let's find common ground to close this deal.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 17400. I believe this price reflects the exceptional value of the product, considering its significant model performance improvement and long data life, while also being competitive in the current market landscape.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 17300. I believe this price accurately reflects the exceptional value of the product while remaining competitive in the current market landscape. It's a fair compromise considering both the model performance improvement and the long data life that the product offers.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 17450. This reflects the product's exceptional performance and long data life, which are key value factors that we have discussed extensively. I believe this price strikes a fair balance and provides a mutually beneficial outcome for both parties.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 17350. This reflects my appreciation for the product's exceptional performance and long data life, while still aiming for a price that aligns with our previous discussions. I believe this offer is a fair compromise that can lead us closer to a successful agreement.