Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The model performance improvement is significant at 0.3, indicating a strong enhancement capability for users. The capacity is sufficient, which suggests that the product can adequately handle user demands. However, high data entropy might complicate usability and interpretation. The market score of 0.4 indicates moderate demand, but the absence of data life and history limits the product's long-term viability and reliability assessments. This leads to a balanced valuation reflective of its strengths and weaknesses.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.3 indicates a significant enhancement in efficiency, which is valuable to users. The "enough" capacity suggests that it can handle a reasonable volume of data, while high data entropy indicates complex and diverse data, which can offer richer insights. A long data life enhances the product\'s longevity and relevance. However, the market value of 0.4 suggests moderate demand, which tempers the expected price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:7110.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant performance improvement of 0.3, indicating a valuable enhancement in efficiency. The capacity to handle a reasonable volume of data, combined with the high data entropy offering rich insights, justifies this premium. Additionally, the long data life ensures the product's relevance over time, making it a worthy investment.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. While the performance improvement is commendable, the high data entropy complicates usability and the lack of data life limits long-term viability. My offer reflects a fair assessment considering these factors.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 7000. I believe this price reflects the significant performance improvements and long data life of the product while still considering the usability issues mentioned. It's a fair compromise that allows us to move forward in this negotiation.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 6900. I believe this price recognizes the significant performance improvements and long data life of the product while also addressing the usability concerns raised. This offer reflects a strong willingness to reach a fair compromise and move the negotiation forward.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 7200. I believe this price reflects a fair value considering the performance improvements and long data life, while still acknowledging the usability concerns that have been raised. Let's move towards a resolution that benefits both parties.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 7100. I believe this price appropriately balances the performance enhancements and long data life with the usability concerns raised. It¡¯s a step towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 7200. I believe this price reflects the significant performance improvements and long data life of the product, while also addressing the usability concerns we've discussed. It's a fair value that recognizes the enhancements while remaining competitive.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 7100. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the product's significant performance improvements and addressing the usability concerns we've discussed. It reflects my willingness to negotiate while still valuing the enhancements that justify a higher price.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 7150. I believe this price reflects the improvements in performance and data longevity while still addressing usability concerns. It strikes a balance between fair value and the buyer¡¯s interest.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 7100. I believe this price fairly reflects the product's significant performance improvements and data longevity while still considering the seller's concerns about usability. It maintains a balance that respects both parties' interests as we move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 7120. This price reflects the significant performance improvements and long data life of the product, while also considering the usability concerns that have been raised. It maintains a balance between value and negotiation flexibility.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 7100. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while maintaining a reasonable stance given the product's significant performance improvements and long data life. It reflects my desire to reach a fair agreement that respects both parties' interests.