Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating it can enhance model effectiveness, which is valuable in competitive data-driven markets. The capacity being "enough" suggests it can handle typical workloads, and a long data life means it will remain relevant for a longer duration. However, the high data entropy could make it challenging to derive insights, and the lack of historical data and market information introduces uncertainty. Thus, while the product has strong traits, the missing information limits full confidence in its valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates a potential for substantial performance enhancement. The high data entropy suggests a complex and diverse dataset that can provide valuable insights. Additionally, a long data life implies that the data will remain relevant for an extended period, which is beneficial for users. While the market score is moderate at 0.4, the combination of these traits points to a solid value. However, the lack of historical data limits confidence slightly.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:14625.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, indicating substantial performance enhancement potential. The dataset's high entropy and extended relevance further enhance its value, making it a premium product in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 14000. While I acknowledge the dataset's significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 and its extended relevance, the high data entropy and lack of historical data create uncertainty that impacts its overall value. Thus, a lower price is more appropriate.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the potential Model Performance Improvement and the uncertainties we've discussed regarding the dataset's value. This offer allows for a reasonable transaction while addressing the high entropy concerns.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14500. This price considers the seller's concerns about high entropy while still acknowledging the dataset's potential for significant Model Performance Improvement. I believe this offer strikes a balance between value and risk, paving the way for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14800. Given the ongoing negotiation and the value of the dataset, this price reflects a balanced consideration of its potential while also addressing my concerns about entropy and historical data.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14700. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between the value of the dataset and the concerns regarding entropy that have been raised. It shows my willingness to meet the seller partway while still considering the potential for model performance improvement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14750. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the dataset's potential and the concerns over high entropy, while also acknowledging your last offer of 14700. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the dataset's value and improvement in model performance.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14700. The seller's offer of 14750 is close, but I believe my offer reflects a more cautious approach while still valuing the dataset's potential and addressing the concerns over high entropy. I want to ensure we reach a mutually satisfactory agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14750. The dataset holds considerable potential despite the concerns over high entropy, and I believe this price reflects a fair valuation while still addressing those uncertainties.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14700. The dataset's potential is valuable, but given the ongoing concerns surrounding high entropy and the need for a cautious approach, I believe this price reflects a balanced valuation that acknowledges both the dataset's capabilities and the inherent uncertainties.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14750. The dataset has substantial potential, and while I acknowledge the buyer's concerns regarding high entropy, I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that captures its inherent value while addressing uncertainties.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14650. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the dataset's potential and addressing the concerns regarding high entropy. It's a reasonable step forward in our negotiations, and I¡¯m confident it reflects the value we both see in this dataset.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14700. This price reflects a cautious yet fair valuation of the dataset, considering both its potential and the high entropy concerns that have been consistently raised. I believe this represents a balanced approach, allowing us to move closer to an agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14600. I believe this price reflects a fair consideration of the dataset's potential while still addressing the concerns regarding high entropy. This offer aims to facilitate a more constructive dialogue, moving us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14650. This price reflects my confidence in the dataset's potential while also considering the ongoing concerns regarding high entropy. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the value and the uncertainties involved.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14600. This price reflects my recognition of the dataset¡¯s potential while still considering the lingering uncertainties regarding high entropy. I believe it strikes a balance between valuing the dataset and addressing the inherent risks.