Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a reasonable enhancement over existing models, while the low Data Entropy suggests that the data is clean and reliable, which is valuable for users. The long Data Life implies that the data product can remain useful for an extended period, thus enhancing its value. However, the NULL history means there¡¯s no track record of performance or past success, which could limit buyer confidence. Given the market score of 0.4, there is an average level of demand, suggesting moderate pricing potential.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a decent enhancement in performance, which can be appealing to users looking for efficiency. The capacity being labeled as "enough" suggests that the product can handle the required workload. Additionally, low data entropy implies that the data is well-structured and reliable, while a long data life suggests sustainability and relevance. However, the market score of 0.4 indicates moderate demand. The lack of historical data, while a concern, does not drastically undermine the overall value given the other positive traits.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:7225.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 8000. This price reflects the significant value of the data product, which boasts a moderate performance improvement and is well-structured and reliable, making it appealing to potential users seeking efficiency.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 7200. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the data product's value, considering the moderate performance improvement and its reliability. While the product has appealing attributes, the lack of a historical performance track record raises some concerns that warrant a lower initial offer.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 7500. This price reflects the product's exceptional quality and potential, while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns. I believe this is a fair compromise that highlights the value I bring to the table.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 7400. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's willingness to compromise while still addressing my concerns about the product's historical performance. It acknowledges the quality of the product while remaining within a reasonable range for me.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 7450. This price reflects my confidence in the product's exceptional quality and its reliability, while also recognizing the buyer's concerns about historical performance. Let's work together to reach a fair agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 7400. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the product's quality and addressing my concerns about its historical performance. I'm eager to move forward and find common ground.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 7400. This price reflects my willingness to meet you halfway, considering the concerns raised about historical performance while still emphasizing the quality and reliability of the product.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 7300. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, taking into account the quality and reliability of the product while still addressing the concerns regarding historical performance.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 7350. This price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the buyer's concerns while still emphasizing the quality and reliability of the product.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 7300. This price reflects my continued willingness to compromise while considering the quality and reliability of the product. I believe this is a fair value that addresses both our concerns.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 7325. This price reflects my belief in the product's quality and its growing reliability, while also considering your previous offer. I'm confident this is a fair compromise that acknowledges your concerns while still valuing the product appropriately.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 7200. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the seller's recent offer while still addressing my concerns about the product's historical performance. I'm seeking to ensure I receive a fair value without overcommitting to a higher price.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 7300. This price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges both the product's quality and the buyer's concerns regarding historical performance. I believe this is a reasonable midpoint that demonstrates my willingness to work towards a deal while still valuing the product appropriately.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 7200. I believe this price reflects my ongoing concerns regarding the product's historical performance while still acknowledging the seller's position. It's a fair compromise that keeps the negotiation moving forward, and I am confident that this offer will be considered seriously.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 7250. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's quality and reliability while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns about historical performance. I believe this is a fair compromise that can move us closer to an agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 7200. This price maintains my stance on the historical performance concerns while still acknowledging the seller's effort to find a middle ground. It reflects my willingness to negotiate and move closer to an agreement without compromising too much on my initial position.