Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity, indicating it can handle a reasonable amount of data or users. However, the absence of information on model performance improvement, data entropy, data life, history, and market limits confidence in its overall effectiveness and appeal. Given the uncertain attributes, a moderate price is justified.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has a decent Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates a moderate enhancement in performance. The "enough" capacity suggests it can handle current demands adequately. The high data entropy indicates a rich variety of data, which is valuable for insights. Additionally, a long data life suggests that the data remains relevant over time. However, the market value is only 0.5, indicating moderate demand. The lack of historical data limits confidence, but the other traits suggest a fair price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1602.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the data product's decent Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, its sufficient capacity for current demands, and the rich variety indicated by high data entropy, all of which contribute to its valuable insights. While the market value is moderate, the long data life enhances its relevance, justifying this premium price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. Given the uncertainties surrounding the model performance improvement and overall effectiveness, a lower price is more fitting to reflect the product's potential limitations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects the solid performance and capacity of the product while addressing the uncertainties I have. I believe it strikes a fair balance for both parties.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price acknowledges the solid performance and capacity of the product while still addressing my concerns about its effectiveness. It presents a fair compromise that reflects the value I see in the product without exceeding the seller's current offer.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the product's solid performance while still considering the uncertainties involved. It allows us to move closer to an agreement while recognizing the value of the data product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, recognizing the product's solid performance while also addressing the uncertainties we both acknowledge. It¡¯s a step towards finalizing this deal and reflects my commitment to reaching an agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1625. This price reflects a slight increase while recognizing the product's solid performance and the buyer's willingness to negotiate. Let's move closer to a final agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my confidence in the product's value and my willingness to finalize this deal. Let's move forward.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1605. This price reflects a slight increase, acknowledging the buyer's consistent offers while remaining competitive and fair. I believe this is a reasonable step towards finalizing our deal.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price is a fair compromise that reflects the product's value while also acknowledging the seller's recent offer. It's a reasonable step that keeps us moving towards finalizing this deal.