Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': "The product has a sufficient capacity and a moderate market demand score of 0.5, suggesting there is some interest but not overwhelming competition. However, the lack of concrete performance metrics and other critical traits being NULL limits the overall confidence in the product's value.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '25000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates it can enhance existing models appreciably. The capacity is sufficient, and the long data life suggests that the data is reliable and useful over time. However, the high data entropy may indicate complexity, which can affect usability unless properly managed. The market value of 0.5 suggests moderate demand. While there are some uncertainties due to the NULL history trait, the other factors support a reasonable valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:4525.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 30000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, indicating that our data product can greatly enhance existing models. The long data life ensures reliability, while the moderate market value suggests a solid demand. This valuation accounts for the complexity introduced by high data entropy, which can be effectively managed.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2500. The significant price of 30000 seems disproportionately high given the moderate market demand score of 0.5 and the lack of concrete performance metrics. While I acknowledge the potential for model improvement and reliability, the overall confidence in the product's value remains low, prompting my cautious approach.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. I believe this price better reflects the moderate market demand and addresses the buyer's concerns while still acknowledging the value of the model's performance improvements.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the model's potential and the moderate market demand, while still addressing the seller's concerns. This adjustment shows my willingness to negotiate and find common ground.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 4950. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the potential value of the model and the current market demand, while also demonstrating my willingness to negotiate further.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects a strong consideration of the current market demand and the potential value of the model, while still showing my commitment to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 4850. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise between the current market demand and the value of the product. It demonstrates a willingness to negotiate while still recognizing the worth of the data model.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 4750. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, taking into account the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my commitment to securing the best possible deal. This approach acknowledges the value but also respects the market dynamics we are currently facing.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing discussions and the moderate market demand. It acknowledges the value of the model while remaining competitive in the current landscape.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4700. I believe this price strikes a balanced compromise between the seller's recent offer and my previous positioning, while still acknowledging the value of the model in the current market context.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 4750. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise given the current market dynamics and acknowledges the moderate demand for the model.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4650. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's perspective while still reflecting my own assessment of the current market dynamics and demand for the model.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4700. I believe this price reflects a balanced approach, considering the ongoing negotiations and the need for a mutually beneficial agreement in light of the moderate market demand.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4600. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise, reflecting the ongoing negotiations while acknowledging the seller's position and the current market demand.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4650. Given the consistent downward trend in our negotiations, I'm adjusting my price to reflect a more competitive stance while still valuing the product appropriately within the current market dynamics. Let's find a mutually agreeable solution.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4550. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the current market dynamics and the ongoing downward trend in our negotiations. Let's keep working towards a fair agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 4600. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the current market dynamics. It acknowledges the buyer's interest while still valuing the product appropriately.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 4500. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise given the ongoing negotiations and acknowledges the seller's position while still aligning with my budget constraints.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 4550. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the moderate market demand and our ongoing negotiations. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 4500. I believe this price represents a solid compromise that aligns with both the value of the product and the current market dynamics. It¡¯s a reasonable step towards closing this deal, and I¡¯m confident it reflects our ongoing negotiations.