Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and a long data life, which indicates it can serve ongoing needs effectively. However, the NULL traits suggest limited information about its performance and market potential, leading to a conservative valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a decent model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates it can enhance outcomes effectively. The capacity is adequate, and the long data life suggests it can be utilized over an extended period. However, high data entropy may imply complexity in data management. The market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand, which could influence pricing. The absence of historical data makes it difficult to assess the performance over time, slightly lowering confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:4625.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This premium price reflects the data product's substantial model performance improvement of 0.3, its adequate capacity, and the potential for long-term utilization due to its extended data life. While there are complexities due to high data entropy and moderate demand indicated by the market score of 0.5, I believe the overall value justifies this initial offer.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. Given the substantial gap between my valuation and the seller's initial offer, I believe this price reflects a more conservative assessment of the data product's potential, especially considering the uncertainties around its performance and market demand.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. I believe this price better reflects the value of the data product, considering its potential and the current market conditions. It's a substantial increase from my previous offer, and it acknowledges the buyer's interest while still being conservative in light of uncertainties.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between acknowledging the seller's increased valuation and my own assessment of the data product's worth. It's a competitive offer that reflects the potential I see while still being mindful of the current market landscape.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5000. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the data product's potential while considering market conditions. It balances both parties' perspectives and provides a solid ground for our negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price is a reasonable step towards bridging our differences while still reflecting the value I see in the data product. It shows my commitment to finding common ground and moving this negotiation forward effectively.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 4900. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation considering the ongoing discussions and the buyer's previous offer. Let's find a common ground that benefits both parties.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price is reasonable given the current dynamics of our negotiation and aligns with my previous offers. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 4850. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise between our positions, acknowledging the buyer's consistent offers while still valuing the data product appropriately. Let's move forward.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4750. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the ongoing negotiations and my valuation of the data product, while still showing my willingness to find common ground. Let's continue to move closer to an agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 4800. I believe this price strikes a fair balance considering the ongoing negotiations and market conditions, while also reflecting a willingness to reach a timely agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4700. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the seller's last offer and the ongoing dynamics of our negotiations. It allows us to move closer to a deal while acknowledging the value of the data product.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4750. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise that acknowledges both the value of the data product and the ongoing negotiations. It demonstrates my willingness to find common ground while still recognizing the potential of the deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4600. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the seller's last offer while still aiming to secure a better deal for myself. It's a strategic move to keep negotiations progressing while highlighting the value I place on the data product.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4700. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, aligning with the ongoing negotiations and recognizing the value of the data product while still being competitive. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4600. I believe this price represents a fair compromise, reflecting my appreciation for the product's value while still respecting the seller's offer. Let's continue working towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 4650. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the ongoing negotiations while recognizing the value of the data product. I believe it provides a fair compromise that could lead us to a successful agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 4600. This price reflects my appreciation of your willingness to negotiate and acknowledges the value of the product, while still being mindful of my budget constraints. I believe this offer brings us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.