Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product has a long data life and sufficient capacity, indicating it can be used for an extended period and can handle substantial data loads. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement, data entropy, and history reduces the overall confidence in its value. The market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand, which further supports a moderate pricing strategy.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a good Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating its potential effectiveness. The capacity is sufficient, and the data life is long, suggesting it can be utilized for an extended period. However, the high data entropy may indicate complexity in data interpretation. The market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand. While there is a lack of historical data, which lowers confidence, the other traits suggest a reasonably valuable product.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1722.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the strong Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 and the potential long-term utilization of the data product, which makes it a valuable asset despite its complexity.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. The offered price of 1800 is close to my expectations, but I believe 1700 better reflects the uncertainties regarding model performance improvement and the moderate market demand.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this reflects a fair compromise between our previous offers, considering the strong model performance and the moderate demand I previously cited. This price ensures we both benefit from the deal while acknowledging the potential value of the data product.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1725. This price acknowledges the seller's perspective while reflecting my confidence in the data product's value. It strikes a balance between our previous offers and recognizes the potential benefits for both parties in this deal.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects a balanced approach considering the buyer's interest and the product's strong model performance while being cautious of market conditions.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1725. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while also reflecting the strong model performance and the balance needed to move forward in this negotiation. Let's find common ground and close this deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the strong model performance and the potential benefits for both parties while also considering the current market conditions. I believe this is a fair compromise that can lead us closer to a successful deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1720. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the strong model performance while also reflecting my continued interest in reaching an agreement. It positions us closer to a successful deal while considering the market dynamics we've discussed.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1725. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the strong model performance and the current market conditions. Let¡¯s find common ground and move forward with this deal.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1720. I believe this price reflects my commitment to finding a balanced agreement while recognizing the seller's strong model performance and current market dynamics. It's a reasonable step towards closing this deal.