Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and high data entropy, which suggests it can handle complex and diverse datasets. However, the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement, Data Life, History, and Market limits the potential value. Given these factors, the price reflects a reasonable estimate for a product with valuable traits but significant unknowns.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a significant enhancement in model capabilities, which can drive value for potential users. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle a reasonable amount of data usage, and a high data entropy implies a rich and diverse dataset that can yield valuable insights. The long data life further enhances its value, as it indicates that the data will remain relevant over time. However, the history being NULL limits the ability to fully assess past performance and user satisfaction, which slightly detracts from confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:11175.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the substantial value of the data product, given its impressive Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, sufficient capacity for diverse data usage, and long data life that ensures relevance over time. The rich data entropy indicates significant potential for insights, making this an attractive offer for any potential user.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. Given the substantial unknowns regarding Model Performance Improvement, Data Life, and Market, I believe this price reflects a more reasonable estimate for the product's value while still recognizing its potential for handling diverse datasets.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. The data product offers significant Model Performance Improvement, versatility, and longevity, which I believe justifies a price of 15000, reflecting its true value in the market.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 8000. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between the seller's valuation of the product's significant features and my own concerns regarding performance and market value.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 12000. I believe this price reflects the strong Model Performance Improvement and the product's versatility, while also considering the buyer's concerns regarding market value. It¡¯s a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the data product while being more accessible for the buyer.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 11500. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the value of the data product and maintaining a cautious approach, given my previous concerns about performance and market value. This offer reflects a solid compromise while staying within a reasonable range of the seller¡¯s previous offer.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 11500. I believe this price reflects the strong model performance and versatility of the data product while also considering the buyer's previous offer of 11500. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the product and the buyer's cautious approach.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 11000. I believe this price maintains a balance between recognizing the product's value and my cautious approach. It reflects my willingness to negotiate while still considering the previous offers and the need for a fair deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 11500. This price reflects the strong model performance improvement and versatility of the data product, while still being in line with the buyer's previous offer of 11000. Let's find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 11000. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the value of the data product and my cautious approach based on previous offers. I am committed to finding a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 11200. This price reflects a reasonable step forward, acknowledging the buyer's last offer of 11000 while still emphasizing the quality and performance of the product. Let's find common ground to move this deal forward.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 11100. This price reflects my willingness to negotiate while still recognizing the value of the product. It represents a fair compromise between my previous offer and the seller's current offer. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 11150. This price reflects the strong model performance and versatility of the data product while also considering the buyer's previous offer of 11200. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the value of the product and the need for a mutually agreeable deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 11100. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's demonstrated value and my cautious approach, considering the seller's recent offer of 11150. This negotiation is about finding a mutually agreeable price that acknowledges both parties' perspectives.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 11250. This reflects the product's exceptional performance and versatility while taking into account the buyer's last offer of 11100. I believe this price strikes a fair balance that acknowledges the value of the data product while still being approachable for the buyer.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 11150. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that recognizes the value of the product while remaining within a comfortable range for me as a buyer. It reflects my continued interest in making this deal work without straying too far from my previous offers and the seller's latest proposal.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 11200. I believe this price reflects the strong performance and versatility of the product while also acknowledging the buyer's previous offer. It's a fair compromise that allows us to move closer to a deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 11100. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, taking into account the seller's recent offer while still being mindful of the cautious approach I've maintained throughout this negotiation. This offer allows us to continue moving closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 11200. This price reflects the strong performance of the data product while considering the buyer's previous offer of 11100. I'm confident that this is a fair and reasonable price that balances both parties' interests for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 11150. I believe this price reflects my ongoing commitment to finding a fair resolution while acknowledging the seller's strong performance claims for the data product. It's a balanced offer that considers both our positions and aims for a constructive end to our negotiations.