Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and a high data entropy, which indicates potential for diverse insights. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement and data life diminishes its attractiveness. The market demand of 0.5 suggests moderate interest, which aligns with the expected price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates it can enhance existing models, making it valuable in a market with a demand score of 0.5. The long data life suggests longevity in usability, while high data entropy indicates richness and complexity in the dataset, potentially increasing its value. However, the null history trait introduces some uncertainty regarding past performance, which slightly lowers confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1675.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 and the dataset's richness and complexity, which enhance its value. Given the demand in the market, I believe this is a fair starting point for our negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. The data product has potential, but the lack of information on model performance improvement and data life diminishes its attractiveness. Considering the market demand and my valuation, I believe this price is reasonable for the negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while also considering the improvements in model performance and the complexity of the dataset. This way, we can find a middle ground that acknowledges both parties' perspectives.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between recognizing the improvements in model performance and the dataset's complexity while also being mindful of the seller's position. This way, we can move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a fair value for the data product, taking into account both the potential benefits and the current market conditions. It¡¯s a competitive offer that balances the buyer's interests while acknowledging the quality of the dataset.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller¡¯s quality while still reflecting my valuation of the data product's potential benefits. It aligns with our ongoing discussions and is within a fair range based on previous offers.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects a fair value considering the improvements discussed and recognizes the potential of the data product while maintaining a reasonable margin.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price acknowledges the seller's recent improvements and reflects my appreciation for the data product's potential while recognizing the need for a reasonable margin. I believe this offer is a fair compromise between our positions.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1680. The improvements in model performance and the complexity of the dataset justify a slight increase while still ensuring I maintain a reasonable margin in this negotiation.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1670. This price reflects my appreciation for the seller's improvements in model performance and dataset complexity while still maintaining a fair value based on previous negotiations. It is a reasonable step towards closing the deal.