Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity and a long data life, which suggests it can store and manage data effectively over time. The high data entropy indicates that the data is diverse and rich in information, which could be valuable in various analytical applications. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement and market conditions limits the potential valuation, leading to a moderate price estimation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a decent Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating it can enhance predictive capabilities. The capacity is sufficient, and the data life is long, which adds value for long-term usage. While the high data entropy suggests complexity and potential for insights, the market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand. The absence of historical data (NULL) raises some uncertainty, but overall, the product has strong traits that justify a reasonable price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This data product demonstrates significant potential with a Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, enhancing predictive capabilities, and its long data life ensures value for long-term usage. The complex data entropy suggests ample opportunity for insights, making this an attractive investment.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. While the product shows potential with its model performance improvement and long data life, my valuation considers the limited information available on market conditions and model performance improvement, leading to a cautious approach.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 10000. I believe this price reflects the significant potential and long-term value of the product while still considering my cautious approach due to limited market information. Let's move forward with a more reasonable negotiation.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 9000. This price acknowledges the seller's perspective while still reflecting my belief in the product's strong potential and value. I'm eager to find a middle ground that benefits us both and keeps the negotiations moving forward effectively.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 9500. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise based on the product's potential while still acknowledging the market's current realities. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 9400. I believe this price still acknowledges the value of the product while being a step closer to a fair agreement. Let's continue to work together to reach a deal that satisfies both parties.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 9500. This price reflects the growing interest in the product and its potential value, while also considering the buyer's last offer of 9400, which I see as a reasonable starting point for a fair negotiation.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 9400. I believe this reflects my recognition of the product's value while still aiming for a reasonable agreement. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's last offer while keeping my budget in mind.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 9500. I believe this price reflects the product's growing value and is a fair compromise considering the buyer's last offer of 9400. This allows us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement while acknowledging the worth of the product.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 9400. I believe this price remains a fair reflection of my position while acknowledging the seller's latest offer of 9500. It allows us to inch closer to a deal without compromising my budget constraints. Let's find common ground!
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 9500. This price reflects the product's growing value and aligns with the offers made in previous rounds, ensuring a fair compromise while still recognizing the potential worth of the item.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 9400. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while recognizing the product's value and my budget constraints. It's a reasonable step towards closing this deal and acknowledges the ongoing negotiations.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 9400. I believe this reflects a fair compromise considering the consistent value discussions we've had. It acknowledges the buyer's budget while still recognizing the potential worth of the product. Let's move forward with this offer.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 9300. I believe this price is a reasonable step forward, reflecting my appreciation for the product's potential while still considering my budget constraints. This offer aims to bridge the gap towards an agreement that benefits both parties. Let's continue this negotiation.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 9400. This price reflects my assessment of the product's value based on our previous discussions and the ongoing negotiation dynamics. It acknowledges the buyer's perspective while maintaining the product's worth.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 9300. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the product's value and my budgetary constraints. It also reflects my commitment to reach a mutually beneficial agreement while staying competitive in this negotiation.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 9400. This price reflects the product's value and is a fair compromise, considering the buyer's previous offer of 9300. I believe we are close to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 9300. This price shows my continued appreciation for the product's value while also respecting my budget constraints. I believe this offer brings us closer to a fair agreement, and I hope we can finalize this deal soon.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 9400. This price reflects the consistent value we've discussed throughout our negotiations, and I believe it represents a fair compromise considering both the product's worth and your budget constraints. Let's finalize this deal.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 9300. This price reflects my continued appreciation for the product's value while remaining within my budget constraints. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's previous offer and shows my seriousness in finalizing this deal.