Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': "The product has a long data life and sufficient capacity, which suggests it's capable of providing value over time. However, the high data entropy may indicate complexity or variability in the data, which could limit its immediate usability. The market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand, suggesting a reasonable price point for entry. The lack of model performance improvement and history makes it difficult to ascertain the product's effectiveness, thus limiting confidence in the valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': 'The product shows a substantial model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating it can enhance predictive capabilities significantly. A high data entropy suggests that the data is rich and varied, which can be valuable for creating robust models. The long data life implies sustained relevance and usability over time. However, the market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand, and the absence of historical data raises some concerns about its proven track record. Therefore, while the intrinsic qualities of the product are strong, the uncertainties regarding market acceptance and historical performance temper my valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2425.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 3000. This price reflects the substantial model performance improvement and the rich data entropy, which significantly enhances predictive capabilities. Given the long data life, it showcases sustained relevance and usability. While I acknowledge the moderate market demand, the intrinsic qualities justify this premium.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2000. This price reflects my consideration of the long data life and potential value, while acknowledging the complexities associated with high data entropy and moderate market demand. The seller's offer seems quite high given the uncertainties regarding model performance and historical effectiveness.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2800.0. This price reflects the substantial performance improvements and long data life of the model while also demonstrating my willingness to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2700. This price acknowledges the seller's emphasis on performance improvements and long data life while still reflecting my concerns about the model's effectiveness and market demand. Let's work towards a deal that benefits both parties.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2750. This price reflects the improvements in performance and data longevity while still considering the market dynamics we've discussed. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges your concerns while valuing the quality of the product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2600. I believe this price reflects a balanced approach, taking into account the seller's concerns about performance improvements while still addressing my reservations about market demand and effectiveness. This offer positions us closer to a fair agreement while acknowledging the value of the product.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2700. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the performance improvements of the model and the buyer's concerns about market demand and effectiveness. Let's find a resolution that acknowledges the value while remaining competitive.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2600. This price reflects my ongoing concerns about the model's effectiveness and market demand while recognizing the seller's position. I believe it's a reasonable step towards finding common ground and moving the negotiation forward.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2650. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the performance improvements and concerns about market demand, and it still reflects the quality of the product while remaining competitive.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2550. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the ongoing concerns about market demand and the perceived effectiveness of the model. It also acknowledges the seller's valuation while maintaining my position as a cautious buyer.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2600. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the buyer's concerns while still valuing the product's performance improvements. I believe this is a fair compromise that aligns with market dynamics.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2500. I believe this price reflects a fair consideration of the value of the product while still addressing the concerns about its effectiveness and market demand. It positions us closer to an agreement while taking into account the seller's last offer.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2550. This price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the ongoing concerns about market demand and the effectiveness of the model, while still valuing its performance improvements.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2450. I believe this price represents a fair consideration of the ongoing concerns about market demand and the effectiveness of the model while still recognizing its performance improvements.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects a balance between recognizing the buyer¡¯s concerns and the inherent value of the product, which boasts significant performance improvements and longevity.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2400. This reflects a continued acknowledgment of the product's value while considering my concerns about market demand and effectiveness. I'm aiming for a price that aligns with my budget and the prevailing market dynamics.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 2450. I believe this price strikes a fair balance given the ongoing negotiations and reflects the product's value while acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 2400. I believe this price reflects my ongoing consideration of budget constraints while still acknowledging the value of the product. It's a fair compromise that allows us to continue moving forward in this negotiation.