Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a significant enhancement in model performance which can be valuable in various applications. However, the lack of data on Data Entropy, Data Life, History, and Market limits the overall confidence in the valuation. Given the potential for improvement and the assumption of sufficient capacity, a moderate price is justified.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': "The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating it can enhance performance effectively. The capacity is adequate, and a long data life suggests durability and ongoing relevance in the market. However, the high data entropy may indicate complexity in usage or interpretation, which could limit its appeal. The market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand. Considering these factors, the expected price reflects the product's potential value despite some uncertainties.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, which showcases the product's ability to enhance performance effectively. Additionally, the long data life suggests durability, making it a valuable investment despite the complexities indicated by the high data entropy.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 5000. While the Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 is promising, the lack of data on Data Entropy, Data Life, and History raises concerns about the overall value. Therefore, a moderate price is more justifiable given the uncertainties involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between the value of the data product and the concerns regarding data uncertainties. This allows us to move forward while acknowledging the significant model performance improvement that has been discussed.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14000. This price reflects a more competitive stance while still recognizing the value of the data product and the model performance improvements discussed. It aims to find a middle ground that addresses both parties' concerns.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects a fair balance considering the significant improvements in model performance and durability while acknowledging some residual uncertainties in the data. Let's move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's improvements in model performance and durability while addressing the uncertainties in the data. It's a fair step towards closing the deal and finding common ground. Let's move forward.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects the significant improvements in model performance while also addressing the data uncertainties we've discussed. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's value.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price continues to reflect a fair balance between the improvements in model performance and the data uncertainties we've discussed. It's a reasonable step towards a final agreement, and I¡¯m confident this can facilitate a successful deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects the significant improvements in model performance while acknowledging the ongoing concerns regarding data uncertainties. It represents a fair compromise that could facilitate a swift agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price is a reasonable adjustment that continues to reflect the value of the product while accommodating the seller's concerns about data uncertainties. This amount is a strategic move to inch closer to an agreement while still acknowledging the improvements made.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price recognizes the significant model improvements while also acknowledging the data uncertainties that have been discussed throughout our negotiations. I believe this is a fair and reasonable price that reflects the value of the product we are negotiating.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price remains a fair compromise that acknowledges the model improvements while still addressing the uncertainties we've discussed. This is a reasonable step toward finalizing our agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects a reasonable balance between the recognized improvements in model performance and the ongoing concerns regarding data uncertainties. I believe this is a fair step toward closing the deal while still acknowledging the product's value.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price maintains the balance between the improvements in model performance and the persistent data uncertainties. It reflects my commitment to reaching a fair agreement while still recognizing the product's value.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects the significant model performance improvements while also acknowledging the data uncertainties we both recognize. It maintains a competitive edge and shows my willingness to engage in a constructive discussion towards closing this deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price is a fair reflection of both the model performance improvements and the data uncertainties we've discussed throughout our negotiations. It demonstrates my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement while still being mindful of the value of the product.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects the substantial improvements in model performance while still addressing the data uncertainties we've discussed. Let's move closer to a deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the ongoing negotiations, and it takes into account both the substantial improvements in model performance and the data uncertainties we've discussed. Let¡¯s find common ground and finalize this deal.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the ongoing value of the data product considering the significant model performance improvements while still acknowledging the buyer's concerns about data uncertainties. Let's move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price continues to fairly reflect the ongoing value of the data product while addressing the concerns about data uncertainties. It's a reasonable step toward closing this deal, and I hope we can finalize this agreement.