Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a reasonable enhancement to model performance, which can be appealing in a competitive market, especially with the market demand indicated at 0.5. However, the presence of several NULL traits limits the overall confidence in the product's comprehensive value.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates that it can enhance performance effectively. The capacity is sufficient, and the long data life suggests that the product can be utilized over an extended period. However, the high data entropy may imply complexity in data management. The market demand at 0.5 is moderate, indicating potential interest. Overall, these factors suggest a valuable product, albeit with some risks due to the high entropy and limited market data.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1475.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 the product provides, indicating it can enhance performance effectively, along with its sufficient capacity and long data life. The value of this product is noteworthy despite its complexity due to high data entropy.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. While I acknowledge the significance of the Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, the presence of several NULL traits limits my confidence in the comprehensive value of this product. Therefore, I believe a lower price is warranted to reflect these concerns.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's performance improvements and the concerns over NULL traits that were previously discussed. It represents a fair compromise while acknowledging the value of the model performance improvement.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1500. This price acknowledges the seller's consideration of the product's performance improvements while still addressing the concerns over the NULL traits. It represents a reasonable middle ground that reflects my confidence in the product's value.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1550. This reflects a balanced approach considering the significant model performance improvements while still acknowledging the concerns over NULL traits affecting the overall value of the product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between acknowledging the significant model performance improvements and the concerns regarding the NULL traits. It reflects my confidence in the product while still being considerate of its overall value.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement while also addressing the concerns over the NULL traits. It strikes a fair balance between both parties' positions and highlights the overall value of the product.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still considering the concerns over NULL traits. It's a fair deal that respects both parties' positions and the overall value of the product.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the model's performance improvements while acknowledging the concerns regarding NULL traits. It represents a solid compromise that respects both parties' positions and shows my confidence in the product's value.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's assessment while also reflecting my understanding of the NULL traits and their impact on the overall value. It represents a fair compromise that balances both parties' perspectives and maintains my confidence in the product's potential.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1550. This price reflects the ongoing discussions and acknowledges the buyer's perspective on the model's performance improvements, while also considering the concerns regarding NULL traits. I believe this is a fair compromise that respects both parties' positions and moves us closer to a deal.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the ongoing discussions and the consideration of both the model's performance improvements and the concerns surrounding NULL traits. It allows us to maintain a balance that respects both parties' positions while still moving towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1525. This price reflects a reasonable compromise that acknowledges both the product's performance improvements and the concerns over NULL traits. I believe this is a fair step towards reaching an agreement while still valuing the product's potential.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price represents a fair and reasonable compromise, taking into account both the improvements in the product's performance and the concerns regarding NULL traits. It reflects my continued confidence in the product's potential while still recognizing the need for a balanced negotiation.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1500. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value, considering both its performance improvements and the existing concerns about NULL traits. Let's move towards a resolution that recognizes both parties' positions.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1450. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's perspective while still reflecting my concerns about the NULL traits. It's a reasonable compromise that shows my willingness to move forward in our negotiation. Let's aim for a resolution that respects both our positions.