Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be appealing in certain markets. The long data life suggests that the product can provide value over time, which is a significant advantage. However, the NULL values for Data Entropy and History limit insights into the data quality and its performance history, introducing some uncertainty. The market value of 0.5 indicates a moderate demand, suggesting the product could be viable but not highly sought after. Overall, while there are positive traits, the NULL entries lead to a cautious valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product demonstrates a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which suggests it can enhance performance in its application. Additionally, it has a long data life and sufficient capacity, indicating it can sustain its utility over time. However, the high data entropy implies complexity, which might require more effort to manage. The market score of 0.5 indicates a moderate level of demand, suggesting there is some interest in such products. Overall, these factors lead to a reasonable valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement the data product offers, along with its longevity and capacity, which are crucial for sustained utility. While the complexity suggested by high data entropy may require some management effort, the overall value justifies this premium.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2500. While I acknowledge the seller's perspective on the value of the data product, the significant offer of 18000 is far above my valuation. Considering the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the uncertainty introduced by NULL values for Data Entropy and History, I believe 2500 is a fair starting point for negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 16000. This price reflects the significant value and enhanced performance improvements of the data product, while also recognizing the buyer's concerns about data uncertainty. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the quality of the offering while being more approachable for the buyer.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 15000. This price acknowledges the value of the data product while still addressing my concerns about data uncertainty. I believe this offer is reasonable and reflects a fair compromise for both parties.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 15500. I believe this price reflects a balanced consideration of the data's quality and the buyer's concerns about uncertainty while also keeping the negotiation moving forward. Let's find common ground.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 15000. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my concerns about the data's uncertainty and value. This is a reasonable midpoint that can facilitate continued progress in our negotiation.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 15500. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, taking into account the significant value and quality of the data product while recognizing the buyer's concerns about uncertainty. Let's move closer to a deal that benefits us both.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 15400. I believe this lower price still acknowledges the value of the data product while addressing my ongoing concerns about uncertainty. Let's find a middle ground that works for both of us and keeps us moving closer to a deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 15500. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the value of the data product and the buyer's concerns about data uncertainty. It acknowledges the quality while still being a reasonable compromise.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 15400. I believe this price still aligns closely with the value of the data product while addressing my concerns regarding data uncertainty. It represents a solid balance, and I am confident this offer reflects a fair compromise.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 15500. This price reflects the consistent value of the data product while still considering the buyer's concerns about data uncertainty. It represents a fair compromise as we move toward a potential agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 15400. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise between the seller's valuation of the data product and my ongoing concerns about data uncertainty. It shows my willingness to engage and move closer to an agreement while still prioritizing my budget considerations.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 15500. I believe this reflects the high value of the data product while also considering the buyer's previous concerns about data uncertainty. It's a fair and competitive offer that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 15400. I believe this amount continues to reflect a reasonable compromise between the value of the data product and my ongoing concerns about data uncertainty. It maintains a competitive stance while also acknowledging the seller's position.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 15500. I believe this price reflects the true value of the data product while also addressing the buyer's concerns about uncertainty. It maintains the integrity of the deal while allowing for a fair compromise.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 15400. I believe this price continues to reflect a reasonable valuation of the data product while addressing my concerns about data uncertainty. It maintains a fair compromise based on our previous negotiations, and I hope we can reach an agreement soon.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 15500. I believe this price reflects the true value of the data product while also addressing the buyer's concerns about data uncertainty. It positions us for a fair compromise in these final rounds.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 15400. I believe this price continues to reflect a reasonable compromise between the data product's perceived value and my concerns about data uncertainty. This offer maintains our negotiation momentum and keeps us close to the seller's last proposal, aiming for a successful resolution in these final rounds.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 15500. I believe this price reflects the true value of the data product while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about data uncertainty. It maintains the momentum of our negotiation and offers a fair compromise for both parties.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 15400. I believe this price continues to demonstrate my commitment to a reasonable compromise while still reflecting my concerns about data uncertainty. It's a fair offer that recognizes the value of the data product without exceeding my budget.