Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3 and has a long data life, which suggests it can be useful over time. The capacity being sufficient indicates it can handle demand. However, the high data entropy might suggest complexity or variability in the data, which could pose challenges in application. The market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand but the NULL history trait limits our confidence in its past performance. Overall, these traits suggest a moderately valuable product in a decent market.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a significant enhancement in performance, which is valuable in data products. The capacity is sufficient, and the data life being long suggests sustainability. However, the high data entropy might complicate the usability of the data. The market value of 0.5 indicates moderate demand. Overall, these traits suggest a solid product but with some reservations due to the high entropy and lack of historical data, which keeps the valuation conservative.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:4625.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the substantial model performance improvement of 0.3, indicating a significant enhancement in capability. The long data life suggests durability, making this a desirable product despite the high data entropy. The overall value is compelling, and I believe the market will recognize this worth.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2000. While I acknowledge the substantial model performance improvement and the long data life, the high data entropy and the moderate market score indicate that the product's value may not be as compelling as suggested. I believe a more realistic price reflects the complexities and uncertainties involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. The product's performance improvements and durability are notable, but the high data entropy and moderate market score must be factored into its valuation. This price reflects a more balanced consideration of both its strengths and weaknesses.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4900. The product does have notable performance improvements and durability, but I still believe the high data entropy and moderate market score significantly affect its overall value. My offer reflects a fair assessment of its strengths while accounting for these weaknesses.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5000. The product has demonstrated solid performance and durability, which justifies a reasonable price, yet still acknowledges the high data entropy and moderate market score that impact its overall valuation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 4800. The product's performance and durability are commendable, but the high data entropy and moderate market score necessitate a more conservative approach to pricing. My offer reflects a balanced assessment of its strengths and weaknesses.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 4900. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's solid performance and durability, while also taking into account the concerns over its high data entropy and moderate market score. This offer represents a reasonable negotiation point for both sides.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's position while still reflecting my concerns regarding the product's high data entropy and moderate market score. It is a balanced offer that recognizes the value of the product's performance and durability, but also the risks involved.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 4800. This price reflects a balanced view of the product's solid performance and durability while still acknowledging the concerns about high data entropy and the moderate market score. I believe this is a fair value for both parties to consider.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4700. I believe this price strikes a reasonable compromise considering the product's solid performance and the seller's concerns about data entropy and market score. This offer reflects my continued interest in obtaining a fair deal while acknowledging the seller's perspective.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 4750. This price reflects a slight adjustment while still considering the product's performance and durability alongside its high data entropy and moderate market score. I'm aiming for a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4700. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my assessment of the product's performance and durability, alongside considerations of high data entropy and the moderate market score. I'm looking to reach a fair compromise that respects both parties' interests.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4750. I believe this price accurately reflects the product's solid performance and durability while also considering the concerns regarding high data entropy and the moderate market score. It strikes a fair balance for both parties as we move forward in our negotiations.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4650. I believe this price takes into account the product's solid performance while still addressing the concerns about high data entropy and the moderate market score. It represents a reasonable compromise as we continue our negotiations and aim for a deal that benefits both parties.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4700. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's solid performance and durability while still acknowledging the concerns regarding high data entropy and moderate market score. It's a reasonable step forward for both parties.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4600. I believe this price is a reasonable reflection of the product¡¯s performance while still taking into account the concerns surrounding high data entropy and its moderate market score. It's a step towards finding common ground for both parties.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 4650. This price reflects my assessment of the product's value given its solid performance and durability, while still considering the ongoing concerns about high data entropy and the moderate market score. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the strengths and limitations of the product.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 4600. This price reflects my understanding of the product's performance and durability while still considering the issues of high data entropy and market score. I believe this is a reasonable offer that acknowledges the value of the product while remaining mindful of the limitations discussed.