Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.2 indicates a significant enhancement in performance, which can be valuable in various applications. However, the lack of information on data life, history, and market limits the ability to gauge long-term sustainability and demand, hindering a higher valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.2 indicates a reasonable enhancement in performance, which can be attractive in certain markets. However, the low market score of 0.3 suggests limited demand. The low data entropy implies that the data is relatively clean and reliable, but the short data life may limit its usefulness. Overall, the balance of these traits leads to a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1600.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2000. This price reflects the significant value of the data product, given its performance improvement and reliability, which can be highly appealing in the right market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. While the seller's offer of 2000 reflects their perspective on the value, my valuation considers the uncertainties around data life and market demand. Therefore, I believe a price of 1500 is more appropriate for a fair deal.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1900. I believe this price reflects the strong value of the data product while still acknowledging the buyer's concerns about market demand and data longevity. This is a fair compromise that aims to move us closer to a deal.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1800. This price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's valuation of the data product and my concerns regarding its market demand and longevity. I believe this offer reflects a fair compromise while still being mindful of the uncertainties we discussed.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1850. This price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the buyer's concerns while still recognizing the inherent value of the data product. Let's move closer to an agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1750. This price reflects a reasonable step towards finding common ground, considering both the seller's valuation and my concerns about market demand and the longevity of the data product. Let's work together to finalize this deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the buyer's previous concerns about market demand and the longevity of the data product, while still valuing its quality and potential.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still addressing my concerns about market demand and the longevity of the data product. It reflects a fair compromise that values the quality of the product while being mindful of the current market conditions.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the buyer's concerns while still recognizing the inherent value of the data product. I believe this is a fair midpoint that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price reflects my continued assessment of the market demand and the product's longevity concerns, while still acknowledging the seller's valuation. I believe it's a reasonable step forward in our negotiations.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's quality and the buyer's concerns about market demand. It is a fair midpoint that acknowledges both parties' positions while still valuing the data product appropriately.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price takes into account the seller's recent offer of 1700 while still addressing my concerns about market demand and the product's longevity. This figure represents a reasonable compromise that acknowledges both parties' positions while allowing me to remain within my budget constraints.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about market demand and longevity. It's a balanced compromise that brings us closer to a deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that considers both the value of the product and the market uncertainties we've discussed. It reflects my continued interest in reaching an agreement while remaining mindful of the budget constraints we've both expressed.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1625. I believe this price reflects the quality of the data product while also acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints and market considerations. Let's find a middle ground that works for both of us.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1575. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the seller's valuation of the data product and my budget considerations, while also reflecting the ongoing negotiations we've had. Let's work towards closing this deal.