Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product has a decent market score of 0.5, indicating that there is some level of interest or demand in the market. However, the lack of information on key traits such as Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, and Data Life limits the confidence in the valuation. The price reflects a cautious estimate based on the available market information.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which indicates a decent enhancement in performance, coupled with a long data life and low data entropy suggesting reliability and consistency. However, the market score is only 0.5, which indicates moderate demand. The NULL history trait limits the understanding of past performance, but the other traits provide a solid basis for valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 and the reliability of the data product, which I believe justifies a higher valuation given its performance enhancement and consistency.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. The significant gap between our valuations reflects my cautious approach to the data product, given the limited information available on key traits such as Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy. While I acknowledge the seller's claims, my confidence in the product's value remains low.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 3000. This price reflects a more balanced perspective considering the value of the data product while still being mindful of the uncertainties regarding its key attributes. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the significant Model Performance Improvement and reliability the buyer is looking for.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2900. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's perspective and the value I see in the data product's significant Model Performance Improvement and reliability. This offer reflects my willingness to negotiate while still recognizing the inherent uncertainties involved.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2900. The previous round showed a strong willingness on both sides to negotiate around this figure, and it reflects a reasonable balance between the value of the data product and the buyer's concerns. Let's move forward.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2800. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my assessment of the product's value and the need for a fair compromise. Let's continue to make progress towards a deal that satisfies both parties.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2900. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement and reliability of the data product while considering the negotiation dynamics we've experienced. I believe this is a fair value that acknowledges both the product's worth and the buyer's position.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2700. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's perspective and the value of the data product while still reflecting my position in this negotiation. It shows my willingness to engage further while aiming for a fair deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2800. This price reflects the ongoing value of the data product while considering the buyer's last offer of 2700. I'm confident this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the product's significant Model Performance Improvement and the buyer's willingness to negotiate.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2700. This price reflects my ongoing commitment to finding a fair compromise, considering the seller's last offer of 2800 while also acknowledging the value of the data product and my willingness to negotiate.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2750. This price reflects the ongoing negotiation and acknowledges the buyer's willingness to engage while still valuing the data product's significant performance and reliability.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2700. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's previous offer while still aiming to secure a better deal that acknowledges the value of the data product. It demonstrates my commitment to fair negotiation and my understanding of the product's quality.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2750. This price reflects the data product's significant value while recognizing your willingness to negotiate. It provides a fair compromise considering both our positions.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2650. This price reflects my commitment to securing a fair deal while still recognizing the value of the data product. It demonstrates my willingness to find common ground in our negotiations, keeping our discussions productive and focused on a mutually beneficial outcome.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2700. This price reflects a fair consideration of the product's performance and reliability while acknowledging the current negotiation dynamics. It's a step towards reaching an agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2600. This price acknowledges the seller's latest offer while still reflecting my desire for a fair deal based on the value of the data product. It's a reasonable step towards reaching an agreement that works for both parties.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 2650. This price reflects my continued recognition of the data product's value while also taking into account our recent negotiations. I'm looking forward to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 2550. I believe this price reflects my ongoing commitment to a fair negotiation while still considering the value of the data product. This slight adjustment also helps to bridge the gap between our offers, moving us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 2600. This price reflects a fair consideration of the product's quality and the buyer's previous willingness to negotiate. It's a balanced approach that recognizes the value while still allowing for a reasonable agreement.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 2500. I believe this amount reflects a reasonable compromise, taking into account the seller's recent offer of 2600 while still recognizing the need to secure a better deal for myself. It acknowledges the product's value while allowing us to move closer to a successful agreement.