Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has a long data life and sufficient capacity, which are significant advantages for potential buyers. However, the lack of details on Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, and other market-related traits creates uncertainty. Therefore, the price reflects a moderate valuation based on available strengths.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate improvement in model performance (MPI of 0.2) and has a long data life, which adds to its value. The low data entropy indicates a quality dataset, though the market size is moderate at 0.5. The absence of historical performance data does reduce confidence, but the other traits suggest a reasonably strong product.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 4000. This price reflects the quality of the dataset, which shows a moderate improvement in model performance and has a long data life, making it a valuable asset despite the moderate market size. I believe this price is justified given the dataset's potential impact and quality.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1200. Given the uncertainty around model performance improvement and market-related traits, I believe this price better reflects the current value of the dataset. While it has a long data life and sufficient capacity, the lack of comprehensive details warrants a more conservative approach.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 3500. The dataset is of exceptional quality and has significant potential for various applications, making it worth a premium. However, I am willing to negotiate to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2500. The dataset holds great potential, but I still have reservations regarding its overall impact and performance. This price reflects a more balanced view of the value while allowing room for negotiation towards a fair deal.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 3200. I believe this price reflects the high quality and potential of the dataset while taking into consideration the buyer's previous offers. It strikes a balance that acknowledges the value of the data while remaining competitive in this negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 3100. I believe this price is a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's valuation while still being mindful of the budget constraints and uncertainties surrounding the dataset's performance. It's a strong offer that reflects my confidence in reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 3150. I believe this price reflects the quality of the dataset while also acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints. It's a fair middle ground that recognizes the dataset's value and potential impact.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 3050. I believe this price strikes a balance between the dataset's value and my budgetary constraints, while also showing my willingness to negotiate. It's a reasonable compromise that reflects the quality of the dataset without exceeding my limits.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 3100. This price reflects my confidence in the dataset's quality and the potential benefits it can bring, while also considering your previous offer. Let's find a mutually agreeable point to move forward.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 3000. I believe this price reflects a strong balance between the dataset's perceived value and my budget constraints. It's a reasonable step forward that acknowledges the quality while still being mindful of the ongoing negotiations. Let's work together to finalize this deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 3050. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the dataset's undeniable quality and the buyer's budget constraints, while still reflecting my commitment to a reasonable negotiation.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2950. I believe this price reflects a strategic approach, considering the seller's current offer while still prioritizing my budget constraints. This allows for a more viable negotiation without straying too far from the seller's price point.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 3000. The dataset's quality and potential remain significant, and I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between its value and your budget constraints.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2900. I believe this price reflects my continued commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement while still respecting my budget constraints. The dataset's potential is acknowledged, but I must ensure that my investment aligns with my financial strategy.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2950. This price reflects a thoughtful balance between the quality of the dataset and the buyer's budget constraints, while still allowing for a fair negotiation. Let's move closer to an agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2800. This price reflects my continued commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement while respecting the quality of the dataset. I believe it strikes a fair balance given the previous discussions and the seller's recent offer. Let's keep the negotiation moving forward.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 2850. This price reflects the high quality of the dataset while considering your budget constraints. It¡¯s a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the dataset and aims to reach an agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 2750. This price is reflective of the continuous negotiation and aims to find a sweet spot that acknowledges the dataset's value while remaining within my budget constraints. I believe this offer takes into account the quality of the dataset while also being a reasonable compromise.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 2800. This price reflects the high quality and potential of the dataset while remaining reasonable in light of our ongoing negotiations. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the value of the dataset and your budget constraints.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 2700. This price reflects my recognition of the dataset's quality while still respecting my budget constraints. I am confident this offer strikes a balance between value and affordability, paving the way for a mutually beneficial agreement.