Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The product has enough capacity and low data entropy, which suggests it has potential for stable and reliable performance. However, the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement, Data Life, History, and Market limits the confidence in its overall value. Given these factors, a moderate price reflects the product's strengths while acknowledging the uncertainties.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product demonstrates a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which indicates it can enhance predictive capabilities. The low data entropy suggests high quality and reliability, while a long data life implies continued utility over time. Despite the lack of historical data, the market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand. The combination of these traits positions the product favorably in its market segment.', 'confidence': 'high'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the exceptional Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, which signifies a remarkable enhancement in predictive capabilities. Additionally, the high quality and reliability indicated by low data entropy, along with a long data life, ensure continued utility over time. Given these compelling attributes, I am confident that this price is justified in the current market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 3000. While I recognize the potential advantages of the product, such as the low data entropy and the promise of reliability, the lack of detailed information on Model Performance Improvement and Data Life raises significant concerns. Therefore, a more moderate price reflects my cautious approach given these uncertainties.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 17000. Exceptional Model Performance Improvement, low data entropy, and long data life justify this value, and I'm confident that this price reflects the quality and potential of the data product.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 16000. I believe that while the seller's data product has potential, the price still exceeds my budget considering the lack of detailed evidence supporting the exceptional performance claims. My offer reflects a more cautious approach while still recognizing the value presented.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 16500. I believe this price reflects the exceptional model performance improvement and the high quality of our data while acknowledging your concerns. Let's find a middle ground that recognizes the value of this offering.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 16400. I believe this price is a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's claims of model performance improvement and data quality while still considering my concerns about the details provided. Let's work towards a deal that reflects the value of the data while ensuring it meets my expectations.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 16500. I believe this price reflects a balanced compromise, recognizing the value of the model performance improvement and data quality while still addressing the concerns raised in previous discussions. Let's move forward and finalize this deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 16400. I believe this price continues to demonstrate my commitment to a fair deal while acknowledging the seller's improvements in model performance and data quality. Let's work together to finalize this agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 16500. This price reflects the strong model performance and data quality we have discussed, while also being a reasonable compromise given our previous exchanges. I believe this is a fair value for the exceptional attributes of the data product.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 16400. I believe this reflects a fair and reasonable compromise, taking into account our previous discussions and the attributes of the data product. While I acknowledge the seller's emphasis on model performance and data quality, my offer aims to balance these considerations with caution.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 16500. This price reflects the exceptional model performance improvement and data quality we've discussed, while also addressing the buyer's concerns. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the value of the product.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 16400. I believe this price continues to reflect my appreciation for the value of the product while also maintaining a prudent approach based on our previous discussions. It's a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's claims without exceeding my budget.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 16500. This price reflects the ongoing value of the data product while maintaining a fair stance in our negotiations. It takes into account the previous discussions and the quality attributes we've highlighted, ensuring we remain aligned towards a successful deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 16400. This price reflects my continued commitment to valuing the data product while also considering my budget constraints. It strikes a balance between recognizing the seller's offer and my previous positions, ensuring we remain on course for a successful agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 16500. This price reflects the consistent value and performance of the data product, while still allowing for a reasonable negotiation space. I'm confident that this offer addresses both parties' interests effectively.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 16400. This price acknowledges the seller's consistent offer while still emphasizing my desire to maintain a fair negotiation. I believe this reflects the product's value while staying within my budget constraints.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 16500. This price reflects the exceptional value and quality of the data product while also acknowledging the buyer's consistent position. I'm confident this is a fair and competitive offer that should facilitate a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 16400. This price reflects my continued appreciation for the product's quality while staying within my budget constraints. I believe it represents a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller¡¯s position, and I hope it brings us closer to an agreement.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 16500. This price reflects the exceptional value of the data product, which boasts outstanding model performance, low data entropy, and a long data life. I believe this is a fair offer that aligns with our previous discussions and addresses the quality of the product.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 16400. The seller's price of 16500 is close to my range, and I believe that 16400 still reflects the value of the data product while accommodating my budget constraints. Given our discussions and the ongoing negotiations, this offer strikes a balance between quality and cost.