Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has a low data entropy, indicating that the data is organized and has less noise, which can be valuable for analysis. The capacity is adequate, suggesting it can handle relevant workloads. However, the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement and Data Life limits full assessment. The market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand, which supports a reasonable but cautious price point.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product demonstrates a notable Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating a positive impact on performance. The capacity is sufficient, and the data life is long, suggesting sustainability and usability over time. However, the market demand is moderate (0.5), and the low data entropy implies that the data is likely more reliable and easier to work with. The absence of historical data (NULL) does reduce confidence slightly, but the other traits suggest a decent value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1475.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the notable Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 and the data's sustainable usability over time. Given the reliability and ease of working with the low data entropy, I believe this is a fair starting point for our negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. The data's low entropy is valuable, but the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement and Data Life makes me cautious. Given the moderate market score, I believe this price reflects a fair starting point for our discussions.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects a balanced approach considering the buyer's interest in performance improvements and my cautious stance on data usability. It acknowledges the value of the product while still addressing my concerns about the data lifespan.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1500. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's concerns while still valuing the notable potential for performance improvements. It positions us closer to an agreement while allowing for further discussion on the sustainability of the data usability.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the buyer's interest in notable performance improvements while also considering my caution regarding data usability and longevity.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the seller's concerns about data usability and reflecting the value of the performance improvements that I am seeking. This offer is a reasonable step toward a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1550. This price reflects a fair balance between the performance improvements and the concerns regarding data usability we've discussed. It acknowledges the buyer's interest while ensuring that I am valuing the data appropriately based on its potential.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1500. This price reflects my continued commitment to finding a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the performance improvements while still considering the concerns regarding data usability. I believe this amount strikes a balance and supports a fruitful partnership.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the performance improvements noted by the buyer and the concerns about data usability that I still have. It's a strategic move to foster a partnership while ensuring the value of my offering is recognized.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's perspective while still emphasizing the importance of performance improvements and data usability that I value. This offer aims to maintain a collaborative atmosphere and demonstrate my commitment to a mutually beneficial partnership.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between the value of the performance improvements and the concerns regarding data usability, maintaining a strong position for both parties to benefit.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price represents a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the importance of the performance improvements while still addressing the valid concerns regarding data usability. This keeps our negotiation constructive and focused on mutual benefit.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1500. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing discussions about performance improvements and data usability concerns. It acknowledges the buyer's position while still valuing the potential benefits of the data product.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1450. This price reflects my commitment to finding a balanced solution that recognizes the potential benefits of the data product while also addressing ongoing concerns about performance improvements and usability. It's a step towards a fair agreement that can benefit both parties.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1500. This price reflects my confidence in the value of the data product while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about usability. It maintains a reasonable balance between performance improvements and the ongoing issues highlighted in our discussions.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1450. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's position while still considering the ongoing concerns about data usability. It represents a reasonable compromise that acknowledges both the value of the product and the need for further assurance on performance improvements.