Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': 'The product has a low data entropy and long data life, which indicates that it is reliable and stable over time. However, the NULL values for Model Performance Improvement and History reduce the overall confidence in its effectiveness and market performance. Given the available traits, a moderate price is justified but with caution due to missing information.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The model shows a significant performance improvement (MPI of 0.2), indicating its effectiveness, which can attract buyers. Additionally, the product has a long data life and low data entropy, suggesting stability and reliability, which are valuable traits. However, the market size is moderate (0.5), which could limit the maximum value. Given these factors, a price of 15,000 is reasonable.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:14450.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 17000. This price reflects the significant performance improvement of the data product, its long data life, and low data entropy, all of which indicate high stability and reliability. Given the market's moderate size, I believe this is a strong starting point to highlight the product's value.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. The product's significant performance improvement and stability are noted, but the high initial offer does not align with my analysis of the missing Model Performance Improvement and History information, which raises caution about its market performance. Therefore, a more moderate starting price is warranted.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. The product's exceptional performance and reliability justify this price, and it aligns more closely with the market value while still accommodating some negotiation space.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14000. The product's features and reliability are appealing, but I still have concerns about its overall market alignment. This price reflects my commitment to negotiate while considering the value of the product.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the excellent quality and reliability of the product while also recognizing the buyer's interest in reaching an agreement. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges the value of the product while accommodating the buyer's budget considerations.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the quality of the product and my budget constraints, while still showing my willingness to engage in meaningful negotiations. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14550. The product's superior quality and proven reliability justify this slight increase, and I'm confident it reflects its true market value. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, considering the buyer's previous offer and my willingness to negotiate.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14450. The product's quality and reliability are acknowledged, but I believe my offer still reflects a fair value while considering my budget constraints and previous negotiation patterns. Let's find a middle ground that satisfies both parties.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14575. The product's quality and reliability remain exceptional, and this price reflects its true value while still being competitive.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14475. The product's quality and reliability are indeed impressive, but I need to remain within my budget constraints while making this offer. This price reflects my appreciation for the product while still considering my financial limits.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14500. The product's exceptional quality and reliability warrant a fair price that reflects its value in the market. This offer maintains competitiveness while considering the ongoing negotiations.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering both the product's quality and my budget constraints, while also maintaining competitiveness in our negotiations.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14450. The product's exceptional quality and reliability justify a strong price, and I believe this offer represents a fair value considering the ongoing negotiations and the buyer¡¯s interest.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14350. The product's quality is indeed impressive, but I still have budget concerns that need to be addressed. This offer reflects my willingness to negotiate while staying within my financial parameters.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14475. This price reflects the exceptional quality and reliability of the product while still being competitive in the current market. I believe this is a fair offer that balances both our interests.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14425. This price acknowledges the seller's emphasis on the product's quality and reliability while still addressing my budget constraints. I believe this is a reasonable compromise that allows us to move forward in our negotiations.