Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product shows a long data life and low data entropy, indicating it is stable and reliable, which are attractive traits for potential buyers. However, the market score is only 0.5, suggesting moderate demand, and the absence of Model Performance Improvement and History limits the value. Overall, these factors balance out to a moderate pricing.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '8000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which indicates a tangible enhancement in its capabilities. The low data entropy suggests that the data is well-structured and reliable, while a long data life implies that the product can provide value over an extended period. However, the market assessment of 0.5 indicates moderate demand. Overall, the combination of these traits suggests a reasonable price point in the data product space.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:3625.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 9000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, the low data entropy indicating reliability, and the extended value derived from the product's long data life. These factors contribute to a strong offering in the market, and I am confident in this valuation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. The significant difference in our valuations indicates that the market demand and product features do not align with the seller's expectations. While the product does have some attractive traits, I believe my offer better reflects the current market conditions and the moderate demand suggested.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 4000. I believe this price reflects the significant value and performance enhancements of the model while still being reasonable in consideration of market demand. Let's move towards a more productive agreement.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 3900. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the enhancements of the model while still aligning with my budgetary constraints. Let¡¯s work together to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 4000. This price reflects the enhancements and the solid performance of the model, while still considering the market demand and the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 3900. This price reflects my appreciation of the enhancements and solid performance of the model, while still being mindful of my budget constraints. I believe this offer is reasonable and aligns well with our previous discussions.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 3950. Given the ongoing discussions and the slight adjustments in our offers, I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while still acknowledging the value of the product and the budget constraints. Let's move forward with this productive dialogue.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 3850. I believe this price reflects a reasonable adjustment based on our previous discussions while still considering my budget constraints. I see the value in the product and hope we can reach an agreement soon.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 3900. I believe this price reflects the value of the product while acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints. It maintains a fair balance considering our previous negotiations and the improvements made to the model.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 3800. I believe this price represents a reasonable compromise, reflecting the value of the product while also considering my budget constraints. It acknowledges the seller's previous offers and maintains a productive path forward in our negotiations.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 3850. I believe this price reflects the value of the product while also showing my willingness to negotiate fairly based on our previous discussions.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 3750. This price better aligns with my budget while still recognizing the value of the product. I believe it¡¯s a fair offer that reflects my willingness to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 3800. This price reflects the improvements and enhancements of the product while still providing a fair compromise considering our previous discussions.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 3700. This price takes into account the enhancements made to the product while still being mindful of my budget constraints. I believe this offer represents a fair compromise as we continue to negotiate towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 3750. This price reflects a balance between the product's value and the buyer's budget constraints, while also considering the previous discussions and the ongoing negotiation dynamics. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 3650. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the product's perceived value and my budgetary constraints, while still reflecting a willingness to engage in constructive negotiation. Let's find a way to close this deal effectively.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 3700. This reflects the ongoing negotiations and acknowledges the buyer's budget constraints while still recognizing the enhancements and value of the product. I believe this is a fair midpoint that can lead us closer to an agreement in these final rounds.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 3600. I believe this price reflects my understanding of the product's value while also considering my budget constraints. This offer aims to bridge our differences and move us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement in these final rounds.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 3650. I believe this price reflects the value of the product while also recognizing the buyer's budget constraints. It's a fair compromise that can lead us to a successful conclusion in this negotiation.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 3600. I believe this price reflects a reasonable approach that acknowledges the product's value while still aligning with my budget considerations. This offer is close to the seller's last price, making it a fair compromise to potentially finalize the deal.