Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.2 indicates a notable enhancement in performance, which can attract interest from users looking to improve their data models. However, the presence of multiple NULL traits suggests limitations in understanding the full value and applicability of the product, leading to a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': 'The product shows a decent Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating it can enhance existing models. Its capacity is sufficient, and the low data entropy suggests that the data is stable and reliable. Additionally, a long data life increases its long-term value. However, the market rating of 0.5 indicates moderate demand, and the NULL history trait introduces some uncertainty. Overall, the combination of positive traits leads to a reasonable valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 4000. This price reflects the exceptional value of the data product, showcasing a significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, along with reliable stability and a long data life. These attributes make it a premium offering in the market, justifying a higher initial ask.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. Given the presence of multiple NULL traits, I believe the value of the data product is limited, which warrants a significantly lower price. I acknowledge the model performance improvement, but I must consider the uncertainties in the product's full applicability.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 3500. The exceptional value of this data product, along with its proven model performance improvement, justifies a price that reflects its quality and applicability, even considering the buyer's concerns.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2500. While I recognize the seller's mention of exceptional value, I still have significant concerns regarding the product's applicability and the presence of NULL traits. My offer reflects a balanced approach, taking into account the seller's value proposition while remaining mindful of the product's limitations.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 3000. This price reflects the exceptional value of the data product and its proven performance, while also considering the buyer's previous concerns. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges the product's worth while addressing the buyer's apprehensions.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2900. This price recognizes the seller's emphasis on the product's value while still addressing my ongoing concerns regarding its applicability and the presence of NULL traits. I believe this is a reasonable step towards finding common ground.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2950. Given the ongoing negotiations and the acknowledgment of the product's worth, I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while still recognizing the value of the data product. Let's continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2850. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the value of the product while still reflecting my concerns over its applicability and the issues we've discussed in previous rounds. Let's aim for a resolution that works for both of us.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2900. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the exceptional value of the data product and the concerns raised regarding its applicability. It demonstrates my willingness to negotiate while maintaining the integrity of the product's worth.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2800. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between the value of the data product and the concerns regarding its applicability that we have discussed. It reflects my commitment to reaching a fair agreement while being mindful of the limitations we've identified.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2850. This price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the product's strong value while still considering the buyer's ongoing concerns. Let's aim for a swift agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2750. I believe this price strikes a balance between the product's acknowledged value and my ongoing concerns regarding its applicability and limitations. Let's work towards a resolution that respects both our positions.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2800. This price reflects a fair compromise, taking into account the value of the data product while also considering the buyer's concerns about its applicability. I believe this is a reasonable step towards finalizing our deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2700. I believe this price strikes a balance between the value of the data product and my ongoing concerns about its applicability and limitations. While I appreciate the seller's offer of 2800, I still think 2700 reflects a more suitable compromise for both parties at this stage of negotiation.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2750. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and acknowledges the buyer's concerns while still valuing the exceptional quality of the data product.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2650. This price represents a reasonable balance between the value of the data product and my concerns regarding its applicability and the presence of NULL traits. I believe this offer reflects a thoughtful consideration of both our positions in the ongoing negotiations.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 2700. This price reflects a fair compromise, considering the ongoing discussions about the data product's value and the buyer's concerns regarding applicability. It maintains a balance between acknowledging the quality of the product and the limitations highlighted in previous rounds.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 2600. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the seller's concerns while still considering the limitations of the data product. It allows us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement without overstepping the concerns regarding applicability and NULL traits.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 2650. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the exceptional value of the data product while acknowledging the buyer's ongoing concerns about its applicability and limitations. Let's find a resolution that satisfies both parties.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 2550. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between the value of the data product and my ongoing concerns regarding its applicability and limitations. It's a step closer to a resolution that acknowledges both parties' positions.