Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 suggests a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be valuable in competitive markets. However, the lack of data entropy, data life, and history limits the overall assessment of the product's reliability and long-term value. The market score of 0.5 indicates a moderate demand, which further supports a reasonable price point.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating it can enhance existing models effectively. The capacity is sufficient, and the low data entropy suggests that the data is structured and reliable. Additionally, the long data life implies that the product will remain relevant for a substantial period. However, the market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand, which tempers the overall valuation. Given these factors, a price of 15000 reflects its potential value in the market.', 'confidence': 'high'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 20000. This data product demonstrates a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating its capability to enhance existing models effectively. The reliable structure, low data entropy, and long data life contribute to its substantial value in the market. I am confident that this price reflects the true potential of the product.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. While I acknowledge the claims regarding the Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, I believe that the lack of data entropy, data life, and history significantly limits the overall assessment of the product's reliability and long-term value. Therefore, I seek a more realistic entry point for negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 19000. I believe this price reflects the substantial value and reliability of the data product, especially with its impressive Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2. While I understand your concerns, the quality and potential of this data product are significant, and I am confident it justifies this price.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1800. While I recognize the seller's assertion of the data product's value and reliability, my concerns regarding data entropy and long-term reliability still stand. I believe my offer reflects a more reasonable assessment of the product's worth given the current circumstances.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 18500. This price reflects the significant value and reliability of the data product, especially considering its Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2. I believe this is a fair compromise, taking into account the buyer's concerns while still recognizing the quality of the offering.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 17500. I believe this price recognizes the value and reliability of the data product while still addressing my concerns regarding its long-term reliability and data entropy. This represents a fair compromise, allowing us to move closer to a deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the value and reliability of the data product while also considering the buyer's prior offers. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the concerns raised while still valuing the quality of the data.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 17800. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my concerns regarding the data product's long-term reliability and value. It's a step forward in our negotiation, and I hope we can reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 17900. This price reflects my confidence in the data product's exceptional value and reliability, while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns about long-term performance. I'm looking to find a middle ground that ensures both parties feel satisfied with the deal.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 17800. I believe this price is fair and reflects my continued commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement, while also addressing my concerns about the long-term reliability of the data product. I appreciate the seller's offer and hope we can reach a consensus soon.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 17850. This price reflects the value and reliability of the data product while addressing the buyer's concerns about long-term performance. I'm confident this is a fair compromise that can lead us to a successful agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 17750. I believe this price maintains a balance between the perceived value of the data product and my concerns regarding its long-term reliability. I'm aiming for a constructive compromise that can facilitate a successful conclusion to our negotiations.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 17800. This price reflects a fair compromise, considering the ongoing negotiations and the value of the data product with a Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2. Let's find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 17700. This price represents a reasonable step towards an agreement, reflecting my acknowledgment of the value in the data product while still addressing my reservations regarding its long-term reliability. Let's continue working towards a mutually beneficial deal.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 17750. I believe this price reflects the value and reliability of the data product while still addressing the buyer's concerns about long-term performance. This is a fair compromise that I hope will bring us closer to an agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 17650. I believe this price is a reasonable step towards finalizing the deal while still reflecting my concerns about the long-term reliability of the data product. This slight adjustment demonstrates my willingness to negotiate while keeping the value of the product in mind.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 17700. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while addressing the buyer's concerns about long-term reliability. It's a fair compromise that brings us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 17600. I believe this price acknowledges the value of the data product while still addressing my concerns about long-term reliability. It represents a solid step towards a fair agreement that reflects the ongoing negotiations.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 17750. This price reflects the ongoing negotiation dynamics and acknowledges the buyer's concerns about long-term reliability while still recognizing the value of the data product's Model Performance Improvement. I believe this is a fair and reasonable offer as we approach the final round.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 17600. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between the value of the data product and my concerns regarding its long-term reliability. It's a strategic move as we approach the final round, ensuring that we both feel satisfied with the outcome of our negotiations.