Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_entrophy': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a long data life, which indicates sustained usability and relevance, potentially adding value. However, the lack of information on other traits like model performance improvement, capacity, and market factors limits the overall confidence in a higher valuation. Therefore, a moderate price is set based on the one positive trait.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25 suggests a moderate enhancement in performance, which could be appealing to certain markets. The long data life indicates that the product can remain relevant over time, which adds to its value. However, the lack of capacity, data entropy, and history makes it challenging to accurately assess its full potential, especially in terms of market demand. Therefore, while the product has some promising traits, the NULL values limit confidence in the overall valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:19650.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 20000. This price reflects the significant potential of the data product, considering its moderate enhancement in performance and its long data life, which suggests that it can maintain relevance over time. While there are some limitations, the overall value is compelling, and I believe this price captures the product's true worth.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. While I recognize the potential of the data product, I believe the limitations in certain traits warrant a more conservative approach to pricing. This offer reflects my assessment of the product's value while still considering its long data life.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. The product has significant potential, and while I'm aware of its limitations, I believe a price of 15000 reflects its value more accurately than the previous offers.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 16000. The product has significant potential, and while I acknowledge its limitations, I believe my offer reflects a more balanced assessment of its value compared to previous offers.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 17000. This price reflects the strong potential of the product while considering its limitations, and it aligns well with the previous offers made. I believe this is a fair valuation that recognizes the product's capabilities and market prospects.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 18000. This price acknowledges the product's notable potential while also considering the concerns raised about its limitations. It reflects an optimistic yet realistic valuation, recognizing both the market prospects and the competitive landscape.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 17500. I believe this price strikes a balance between the optimistic assessment of the product's market potential and the realistic considerations of its limitations. It reflects a fair value while still acknowledging the strong interest in the product.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 18500. I believe this price accurately reflects the strong interest in the product, balancing its market potential with the limitations that have been recognized. It's a competitive offer that acknowledges the optimistic assessments while still being grounded in reality.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects a balanced assessment of the product's significant market potential while acknowledging its limitations. It positions us competitively within the ongoing negotiations, aiming for a resolution that satisfies both parties.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 19000. This price reflects my belief in the product's strong market potential while also considering its limitations. It positions us favorably within the competitive landscape and aims for a constructive resolution that acknowledges the product's value.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 19000. I believe this price accurately reflects the product's strong market potential while also considering the limitations highlighted in previous discussions. This valuation positions us competitively in the market and aligns with the optimistic assessments we've seen recently.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 19500. I believe this price reflects an optimistic and competitive stance on the product's market potential while still considering its limitations. This valuation demonstrates confidence in the product's appeal and aligns with the positive trend seen in recent offers.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 19500. I believe this price reflects a well-balanced assessment of the product's strong market potential while acknowledging its limitations. It's competitive given the recent offers and showcases my confidence in the product's appeal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 19600. I believe this price reflects an optimistic yet realistic evaluation of the product's strong market potential while considering its limitations. This slight increase demonstrates my confidence in the product's appeal and its competitive position in the market.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 19650. This price reflects a fair and optimistic assessment of the product's strong market potential while acknowledging its limitations. I believe this valuation aligns well with recent offers and demonstrates confidence in the product's competitive appeal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 19650. This price reflects my continued confidence in the product's strong market potential while recognizing its limitations, aligning well with the recent offers and demonstrating a fair valuation based on the competitive landscape.