Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The model shows a significant performance improvement (MPI of 0.2), indicating it has the potential to provide tangible benefits to users. The low data entropy suggests that the data is consistent and reliable, which adds to its value. However, the lack of information on data life, history, and market limits the overall confidence in the valuation. Given these factors, a price of 5000 reflects the value of the product while recognizing the uncertainty due to missing traits.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '25000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating it can enhance existing systems effectively. Additionally, it has a long data life and low data entropy, suggesting stable and reliable data for long-term use. The market demand rating of 0.5 indicates moderate interest, which can support a reasonable price. However, the absence of historical data limits its potential value slightly.', 'confidence': '70'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 30000. This price reflects the significant model performance improvement of 0.2, which enhances existing systems effectively. Additionally, the product boasts a long data life and low data entropy, ensuring reliable data for long-term use. Given the moderate market demand, this price is justified to capture the product's full potential.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 5000. The significant model performance improvement of 0.2 is indeed promising, but the high asking price of 30000 does not align with my valuation, which considers the uncertainty surrounding data life and market limitations. My offer reflects a fair assessment of the product's potential while addressing the inherent risks involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 25000. The data's significant performance capabilities and reliability justify a strong price, while I'm willing to negotiate to reach a more agreeable middle ground.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 24000. The seller's price is quite high, but I recognize the value in the data's performance capabilities and reliability. However, I'm still cautious about making a substantial investment given the market risks and uncertainties. My offer reflects a balance between acknowledging the quality of the data and my budget constraints.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 24500. I believe this price reflects the high quality and reliability of the data while still being competitive in the current market.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 24000. I believe this price is fair and acknowledges the high quality of the data while still reflecting my concerns about market risks.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 24550. The data's exceptional quality and the competitive edge it provides justify a slight increase from my previous offer, reflecting its true market value while still considering the buyer's concerns about risks.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 24450. The data's quality remains a significant factor, but I want to ensure the deal reflects my ongoing concerns about the associated risks and market volatility. This price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's improvements while still considering my budget constraints.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 24500. This price reflects the high quality and competitive edge of the data while remaining reasonable amidst market conditions.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 24400. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, considering the quality of the data and the prevailing market conditions while still addressing my budget constraints.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 24500. I believe this price reflects the exceptional quality of the data while providing a fair compromise considering the buyer's previous offers and the ongoing negotiations.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 24400. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the high quality of the data while also reflecting my concerns about budget constraints and market volatility. Let's get closer to a final agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 24500. This price reflects the exceptional quality of the data and its significant potential for improving model performance, while also considering the buyer's concerns about market risks and budget constraints.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 24400. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the exceptional quality of the data and my budget constraints, while still reflecting the ongoing market risks we discussed.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 24500. This price reflects the exceptional quality and reliability of the data while also considering the buyer's budget constraints and market risks. Let's find a compromise that works for both of us.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 24400. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the exceptional quality of the data and the market risks we both acknowledge. Let's work towards a deal that reflects both the value of the product and our budget considerations.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 24500. This price reflects the exceptional quality of the data while also considering the ongoing negotiations and market conditions. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges both the value of the product and the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 24400. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the exceptional quality of the data and my budget constraints, while still recognizing the ongoing negotiations.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 24500. The data's exceptional quality and competitive advantage justify this price, reflecting both its value and the current market conditions.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 24400. The data's quality and potential are undeniable, but I need to remain cautious about market volatility and my budget constraints. This price reflects a fair compromise while still acknowledging the value of the data.