Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_entrophy': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 suggests a notable enhancement in performance, which can be valuable in competitive markets. However, the NULL values for capacity, data entropy, data life, and history limit the overall assessment of the product's robustness. Given the moderate market score of 0.5, there is potential demand, but uncertainty remains due to missing information.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate improvement in performance, which can be attractive to potential users. The long data life suggests that the product is sustainable and can provide value over time. However, the NULL values for capacity, data entropy, and history indicate significant gaps in information that could affect the product's robustness and applicability. The moderate market value of 0.5 suggests there is some demand but potentially limited. Overall, these traits suggest a reasonable price given the strengths and weaknesses.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2400.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant value of the data product, given its moderate performance improvement and the long-term sustainability it offers. The potential for users to benefit from this data makes it a compelling investment.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2500. This price reflects a balanced approach considering the moderate performance improvement and the uncertainties associated with the missing data attributes. I believe this is a fair starting point to negotiate a deal that recognizes the potential value of the product while addressing the risks involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2400. This price reflects the significant value of the data product and acknowledges the potential uncertainties due to missing data attributes while still striving for a fair negotiation. I believe this is a strong position that balances both parties' interests.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2300. This price reflects my understanding of the data product's considerable value while also recognizing the uncertainties involved due to missing data attributes. I believe this offer represents a fair middle ground that respects both our positions and encourages progress in our negotiation.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2350. I believe this price strikes a balance between the recognition of the product's substantial value and the uncertainties stemming from missing data attributes. This offer allows us to move forward in a constructive manner while still reflecting the quality of the data product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2400. This price reflects the significant value of the data product while also addressing the uncertainties related to missing attributes. It represents a fair compromise that acknowledges the quality of the offering and allows us to make meaningful progress in our negotiations.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2400. This price reflects the inherent value of the data product while acknowledging the uncertainties due to missing attributes. It strikes a fair balance and opens the door for constructive negotiation.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2450. This price reflects a slight increase, acknowledging the strong value of the data product while still considering the uncertainties present. It demonstrates my commitment to reaching a fair and constructive agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2450. This price reflects the strong value of the data product while considering the uncertainties related to the missing attributes. It's a competitive offer that acknowledges the previous negotiations and aims for a constructive resolution.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2400. This price reflects my recognition of the data product's value while also considering the uncertainties associated with the missing attributes. It's a fair and competitive offer that aims to foster a productive negotiation and move us closer to a satisfactory agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2450. This price reflects the data product's strong value while recognizing the uncertainties due to missing attributes. It positions us well for a constructive negotiation while also acknowledging the offers made in the previous rounds.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2400. This price reflects a fair assessment of the data product's value while acknowledging the uncertainties due to missing attributes. It shows my willingness to find common ground and keep the negotiation moving forward constructively.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2400. This price reflects the solid value of the data product while considering the uncertainties surrounding the missing attributes. It strikes a fair balance and encourages constructive negotiation, paving the way for a successful agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2400. This price reflects the solid value of the data product while considering the uncertainties surrounding the missing attributes. It maintains a fair balance for both parties and encourages a productive negotiation towards a successful agreement.