Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The model shows a significant performance improvement (MPI of 0.2), which indicates it can enhance outcomes or efficiencies for users. Additionally, the capacity is sufficient, and the data life is long, suggesting that the product can be valuable over time. However, the lack of historical data and market information introduces uncertainty, which slightly lowers the confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.2 indicates that the product has a good potential to enhance existing systems, which is appealing in the current market. The capacity is sufficient, and low data entropy suggests that the data is well-structured and reliable. A long data life adds value as it implies longevity and applicability over time. However, the lack of historical data limits the confidence in the valuation, but the market demand of 0.5 indicates a reasonable level of interest.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1655.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the exceptional potential of the data product, given its strong performance improvement, reliable structure, and long data life, which are highly desirable in the current market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. The data product has potential, but considering the lack of historical data and market information, I believe a price closer to 1500 reflects a more balanced valuation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. The data product has exceptional potential and its long data life supports a higher valuation, but I am willing to consider a more competitive price to move the deal forward.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The data product does have potential, but the absence of historical data is a significant drawback that needs to be reflected in the price. I believe this offer is fair and encourages us to move forward with the negotiation.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects the exceptional potential of the data product while considering the valid concerns about the lack of historical data. It strikes a balance between our previous discussions and moves us closer to a deal.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price still acknowledges the data product's potential while reflecting the ongoing concerns regarding the lack of historical data. It keeps us moving toward a reasonable agreement without going beyond what I am willing to pay.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1675. I believe this price reflects the exceptional potential of the data product while also considering the concerns about its historical data. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges both the value and the buyer's perspective.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I appreciate your perspective on the data product's potential, but I still believe that the absence of historical data significantly impacts its value. My offer reflects a fair compromise while considering the product's strengths and limitations.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1660. This price reflects the exceptional potential of the data product while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns about the lack of historical data. I believe this is a fair compromise that allows us to move forward in our negotiations.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price acknowledges the product's potential while still addressing the concerns about the lack of historical data. It's a reasonable compromise that allows us to make progress in our negotiations.