Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and medium data entropy, which indicates it can handle a moderate amount of data with some variability. However, the short data life and lack of model performance improvement suggest limited long-term utility and effectiveness. The market score of 0.3 indicates low demand, further limiting its value. Overall, these factors point to a modest price in the market.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement capability, which can be appealing in a competitive market. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle tasks adequately, but the medium data entropy and short data life may limit long-term value. The market score of 0.3 suggests a low demand, which could further depress the price. Overall, the combination of moderate performance with some limitations leads to a cautious valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1737.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the data product's moderate enhancement capability and its appeal in a competitive market, despite some limitations in long-term value. I believe this is a fair starting point to engage in negotiations.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price better reflects the limited long-term utility of the data product and its low market demand. While I appreciate the seller's perspective, I feel a more modest price is appropriate given the current circumstances.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. The product's capabilities warrant a price that reflects its moderate enhancement potential while still considering the market demand. This amount strikes a balance between value and practicality, making it a fair offer for both parties.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1700. The product's limited long-term utility and low market demand justify a lower price point, reflecting the realistic value in this negotiation. This offer also maintains fairness while recognizing the constraints of the product's capabilities.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1725. The product's moderate enhancement capability and the current market dynamics suggest a balanced price that reflects both its potential and limitations. This price is a reasonable compromise considering the previous offers and the ongoing negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price reflects my understanding of the product's limited long-term utility and the current market demand, which still suggests a more conservative approach in this negotiation. I believe it aligns well with previous offers and maintains a reasonable expectation for both parties.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1750. This reflects a fair compromise considering the product's moderate enhancement capabilities and the current market dynamics.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1725. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the seller's perspective while also recognizing the product's moderate enhancement capabilities and the current market dynamics. I believe this offer is a fair balance given our discussions so far.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the product's moderate enhancement capabilities and the current market dynamics, while still acknowledging its limited long-term utility.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1725. I believe this price strikes a balance between our previous discussions and the value I see in the product's moderate enhancement capabilities, while still considering the current market dynamics. It allows us to move forward while respecting both parties' perspectives.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects a balanced perspective considering the product's moderate enhancement capabilities and the current market dynamics, along with my willingness to negotiate towards a fair agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1725. I believe this price strikes a fair balance reflecting the product's moderate enhancement capabilities while considering current market dynamics. It aligns closely with the seller's perspective and demonstrates my willingness to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1750. The current market dynamics and the moderate enhancement capabilities of the product justify this price, reflecting a fair balance between value and demand.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1725. I believe this price reflects a balanced perspective on the product's moderate enhancement capabilities while acknowledging the current market dynamics. It strikes a fair compromise between our previous discussions and the value I see in this product.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this reflects a fair compromise considering the product's moderate enhancement capabilities and the current market dynamics. It balances both our perspectives and encourages a productive negotiation.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1725. I believe this price reflects a balanced understanding of the product's moderate enhancement capabilities and the prevailing market dynamics. It demonstrates my willingness to negotiate while recognizing the seller's perspective, making it a fair compromise that can facilitate a productive agreement.