Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_entrophy': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1000', 'reason': "The lack of available traits suggests that there is insufficient information to evaluate the product's quality, performance, or market demand. Therefore, a conservative estimate is warranted, reflecting a basic entry price for a data product with undefined characteristics.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in model performance, which can be valuable in competitive markets. However, the short data life and several NULL traits suggest limitations in long-term usability and insights, which could hinder overall value. Given the market score of 0.4, there is some demand, but the uncertainties reduce confidence in a higher valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2037.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in model performance that the data product can provide, along with its potential value in competitive markets. While there are some limitations due to the short data life and NULL traits, I believe this price captures the product's worth effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 900. Given the uncertainties surrounding the data product's quality and the lack of available traits, I believe this price reflects a cautious but reasonable entry point for our negotiations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2000. Given the moderate performance enhancement and market potential that have been identified, I believe this price reflects a fair assessment while still addressing the uncertainties highlighted by the lower offer. Let's find a middle ground that recognizes the product's value.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2100. Given the moderate performance enhancement and potential in the market, I believe this price strikes a balance that reflects the value while addressing the concerns raised regarding quality and missing traits. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2050. Given the moderate performance enhancement and market potential highlighted, this price strikes a balance while allowing for some negotiation room.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price effectively reflects the moderate performance enhancement and market potential discussed, while also addressing the quality concerns raised by other analysts. It positions us for a solid agreement moving forward.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2025. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the performance enhancements and the quality concerns previously discussed. It positions us for a solid agreement while acknowledging the market potential that still exists.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2050. I believe this price strikes a strong balance between the previous offers and the quality concerns raised. It acknowledges the moderate performance enhancements while also considering the market potential we¡¯ve discussed. This position should pave the way for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2050. I believe this price reflects a strong balance between the performance enhancements and the quality concerns that have been raised, while also considering the current market potential. This price allows us to move towards a mutually beneficial agreement while acknowledging the value of my product.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2020. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the performance enhancements and the quality concerns while still being mindful of market potential. It reflects my willingness to negotiate and move toward a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2040. I believe this price reflects a solid balance between the performance enhancements and quality concerns that have been discussed, making it a fair and competitive offer in this negotiation.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2035. I believe this price strikes an excellent balance between the performance enhancements discussed and the quality concerns we've acknowledged. It represents a reasonable step up from my last offer while still being competitive, allowing us to move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.