Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be appealing to consumers in a competitive market. However, the short data life and lack of history suggest the product may not maintain its value over time. The market score of 0.3 implies a low demand, which further limits the pricing potential. Overall, the product is valuable but has limitations that affect its long-term use and market appeal.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which is attractive to potential users. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle the required data workload. However, the medium data entropy and short data life can limit long-term usability and value. The market rating of 0.3 reflects a low demand, which impacts pricing. Overall, while the product has some valuable traits, the limitations in data life and market demand reduce its overall value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2605.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 3000. This price reflects the moderate performance improvement and the capability of the product to handle the required data workload, despite some limitations in data life and market demand. It's a competitive offer that highlights the value of the data product.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2500. Given the moderate performance improvement and the limitations in data life and market demand, I believe this price better reflects the true value of the product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2700. This price better reflects the product's quality and performance, while still presenting a fair opportunity for both parties to find common ground.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2600. I believe this price strikes a balance between the product's value and the need for a reasonable agreement, while still allowing for a fair negotiation process moving forward.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2650. This price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the quality of the product while remaining competitive in the market. Let's move closer to a fair agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2600. This price acknowledges the seller's reasonable compromise while still reflecting my belief in the product's value. Let's move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2625. This price reflects a more realistic valuation of the product while still considering the buyer's perspective on its quality. It strikes a balance that could lead us closer to a successful agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2600. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, reflecting the product's quality while remaining competitive. It's a reasonable compromise that brings us closer to an agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2610. This price reflects a realistic valuation of the product while acknowledging the buyer's perspective on its quality. It's a fair compromise that brings us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2600. I believe this price maintains a fair evaluation of the product while aligning with my perspective on its quality. It's a reasonable offer that reflects our ongoing negotiations and keeps us moving toward a potential agreement.