Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_entrophy': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '300', 'reason': 'The product has a short data life and lacks many key performance metrics, which typically diminishes its value. The market rating of 0.5 suggests average demand, but the uncertainty due to multiple NULL traits limits its potential.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 suggests that the product has some ability to enhance performance, which can be attractive to potential buyers. However, the short data life and several NULL traits indicate limitations in its overall value and reliability. The market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand, but the lack of comprehensive data metrics makes the product less appealing. Therefore, the expected price reflects a balance between its potential benefits and the uncertainties due to missing information.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Deal Price:2200.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects the unique capabilities of the data product, particularly the potential for performance enhancement, despite its limitations. I believe this value captures its attractiveness in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 200. Given the short data life and the lack of key performance metrics, I believe this price more accurately reflects the diminished value of the product in the current market.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2000. This price reflects the unique capabilities and market attractiveness of the data product while acknowledging the concerns regarding its short data life. It's a fair compromise that allows us to move forward in the negotiation.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2200. This price reflects a balanced approach, acknowledging the unique capabilities and market attractiveness of the data product while still considering the concerns about its short data life. It¡¯s a competitive offer that demonstrates my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2100. This price reflects the unique capabilities of the data product while considering the concerns about its short data life. It strikes a balance between the higher valuations and the more conservative offers, aiming for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2150. This price recognizes the unique capabilities of the data product and attempts to find a middle ground between the higher valuations and the concerns about its short data life. It reflects my commitment to reaching a fair agreement while ensuring value for both parties.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2200. This price reflects the unique capabilities and market attractiveness of the data product while acknowledging the concerns regarding its short data life. It's a competitive and balanced approach that I believe highlights the product's true value.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2200. This price continues to reflect the unique capabilities and market attractiveness of the data product while addressing the concerns about its short data life. It remains a fair and competitive offer that recognizes the value of the product.