Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_entrophy': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be valuable for specific applications. However, the absence of critical traits like Capacity, Data Entropy, Data Life, History, and Market significantly limits the overall assessment and potential demand. Given the MPI value, I estimate a moderate price, but the numerous NULL traits reduce the reliability of this valuation.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 suggests a moderate enhancement in performance, which could appeal to specific market segments. However, the short data life and the presence of NULL traits indicate uncertainty in the product¡¯s application and longevity. The market value of 0.5 suggests there is some demand, but the lack of comprehensive data limits confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2800.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects the significant value of the data product, given its moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3. The potential appeal to specific market segments justifies a higher starting point, despite the uncertainties surrounding its application and longevity.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 3000. This price reflects my assessment of the data product's moderate enhancement in performance, but I remain cautious due to the absence of critical traits that limit its overall value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2800. I believe this price reflects a balanced view considering the moderate performance improvement and the cautious feedback regarding critical traits. This offer acknowledges the market appeal while still being competitive in the current negotiation landscape.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2900. I believe this price strikes a solid balance between acknowledging the moderate performance improvement and addressing the concerns regarding the missing critical traits. It reflects my confidence in the product's market appeal while remaining competitive in our negotiation.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2850. This price reflects a reasonable compromise between the recent offers, acknowledging the moderate performance improvements while still considering the concerns raised about missing critical traits. I believe this valuation strikes a balance that makes it attractive for both parties in this negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2750. This price takes into account the recent offers while still addressing the concerns about the product's missing critical traits. It represents a fair compromise that acknowledges the moderate performance improvements and maintains an attractive proposition for both sides.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2800. This price reflects the balanced perspective I've gathered from recent offers, acknowledging the moderate performance improvements while still being mindful of the concerns regarding missing critical traits. I'm confident this is a fair and competitive price in the current market.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2800. I believe this price accurately reflects the moderate performance improvements while addressing the concerns regarding missing critical traits. It strikes a fair balance in the current market context, and I'm confident it will facilitate a productive negotiation.