Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity and medium data entropy, which indicates it can handle a reasonable amount of data and is moderately complex. However, the short data life suggests it may not be suitable for long-term use, limiting its overall value. The market value of 0.4 indicates a low demand, which further constrains the price. Therefore, the valuation reflects these mixed signals.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in effectiveness, which can be beneficial for potential users. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle the necessary data load. However, the medium data entropy implies some variability in the data quality. The short data life may limit the product\'s long-term utility, and the market score of 0.4 shows moderate demand. Overall, these factors balance out to a reasonable expected price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1560.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in model performance and the product's capacity to handle necessary data loads, despite some variability in data quality and a short data life. I believe this price appropriately captures the value of the product in the current market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. The offered price of 1800 is above my valuation considering the product's short data life and low market demand, which significantly impact its overall value. I believe 1400 more accurately reflects the product's worth in the current market conditions.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. The product has shown moderate performance enhancements and improved data handling capacity, which justifies a higher valuation. I believe this price strikes a balance between our positions and reflects its true potential in the market.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The product's short data life and low market demand still significantly impact its valuation, and while I acknowledge the seller's claims, I believe this price more accurately reflects its current market potential.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the moderate performance enhancements and improved data handling, while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns about short data life and market demand.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1550. This price takes into account the seller's moderate performance enhancements and improved data handling, but still reflects my concerns about the short data life and current market demand. I believe this is a reasonable offer that balances both our positions.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1600. Given the ongoing discussions and the buyer's last offer of 1550, I believe this price reflects a fair balance considering the performance enhancements and data handling capabilities of the product.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price is reasonable given the concerns about the product's short data life and low market demand. While I recognize the seller's point about performance enhancements, I still feel that the risks associated with the product warrant a more cautious approach.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1580. I believe this price strikes a balance between the product's moderate performance enhancements and the concerns raised about data life and market demand. Let's find a middle ground that reflects the value while addressing those concerns.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price fairly reflects the concerns about the product's short data life and low market demand, while still acknowledging the moderate performance enhancements the seller mentioned. Let's find a resolution that works for both sides.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1570. This price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the ongoing discussions and the balance between product value and market demand concerns.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1550. This price takes into account the previous discussions on product value and ongoing concerns about the short data life and low market demand. I believe it is a fair compromise that reflects the current state of negotiations.