Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a notable enhancement in model performance, which is a valuable trait in data products. However, the lack of information regarding Data Entropy, Data Life, History, and Market suggests limited insights into the product's overall potential and market applicability. Therefore, while there is value due to MPI, the uncertainty from NULL traits constrains the valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be appealing to certain markets. Although the data life is short and the data entropy is medium, the market score of 0.4 suggests there is some demand for this product. The capacity being sufficient also adds value. However, the lack of historical data limits the confidence in the valuation, but the product still has potential.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement, as well as the potential demand in the market despite the short data life and medium entropy. I believe this value captures the unique strengths of the data product effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. Given the significant gap between my valuation based on the Model Performance Improvement and the offered price, I believe this price reflects a more realistic assessment of the product's potential, considering the uncertainties regarding Data Entropy, Data Life, and Market applicability.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 3000. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's potential while acknowledging the uncertainties we discussed, allowing for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2900. This price acknowledges the seller's reasonable consideration of the product's potential while still reflecting my cautious approach to the uncertainties we've discussed. I believe this offer is fair and positions us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2900. This price reflects a balance between the product's acknowledged potential and the uncertainties surrounding data entropy and market applicability. It's a fair midpoint that considers both parties' perspectives and aims for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2800. This price reflects my recognition of the product's potential while still addressing the uncertainties in the market. I believe it strikes a fair compromise that respects both our positions and moves us closer to an agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2700. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the market conditions we've discussed. It acknowledges the product's value while still taking into account the uncertainties we've encountered.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2600. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between the product's potential value and the ongoing uncertainties we've discussed. It allows us to move forward in negotiations while still being mindful of the market conditions.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2500. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the ongoing uncertainties in the market and the product's potential value, while still moving closer to a deal. Let's find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2400. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my perspective on the product¡¯s value and the market conditions. This adjustment is a step towards a reasonable agreement, and I¡¯m hopeful we can find common ground.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2450. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing market uncertainties while still providing value for the product's performance potential.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2400. I believe this price is a reasonable continuation of our negotiations, as it reflects both my assessment of the product's potential value and the current market conditions we've discussed. I'm confident this price could lead us to a successful agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2400. This price reflects my assessment of the product's value in light of the ongoing market uncertainties while still aiming for a fair deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2300. This price reflects my confidence in the product's value while still acknowledging the ongoing market uncertainties. I believe this offer strikes a fair balance and moves us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2200. I believe this price reflects the ongoing value of the product while still considering the market uncertainties we've discussed. It's a fair step toward closing this deal and acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2100. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my belief in the product's value amid ongoing market uncertainties. It's a reasonable step closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 2100. Given the ongoing negotiations and the slight adjustments we've made, this price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges both the product's value and the prevailing market uncertainties.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price better reflects the product's value while still considering market uncertainties. It's a reasonable step forward in our negotiations, aiming for a balanced agreement that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 2000. I believe this price reflects the current market conditions and acknowledges the ongoing uncertainties, while also providing a fair opportunity for both parties to reach an agreement.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, taking into account the ongoing market uncertainties while still recognizing the value of the product. This offer reflects my willingness to make a reasonable compromise in our final round of negotiations.