Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_entrophy': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The absence of specific traits makes it difficult to ascertain the full value of the product, but there may still be a base demand for data products in general. This price reflects a conservative estimate based on potential market interest, despite the uncertainty.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a positive enhancement in performance, which is valuable in a competitive market. However, the short data life and the presence of NULL traits (especially capacity and data entropy) limit the product's long-term utility and robustness. The market rating of 0.5 suggests moderate demand, which also influences the expected price.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2400.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant value of the data product, given its Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, which is crucial for gaining a competitive edge in the market. While I acknowledge the limitations due to the short data life and NULL traits, the demand indicated by the market rating of 0.5 justifies this premium.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2500. This price reflects my willingness to acknowledge the data product's potential value, while still being cautious due to the limitations and uncertainties surrounding it. I believe this is a fair starting point for our negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2200. I believe this price reflects the strong potential of the product while still being reasonable considering market demand and product limitations. Let's move forward with this value in mind.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2300. I believe this price better reflects the product's strong potential and market appeal while remaining competitive. Let's move forward with this valuation.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2400. This price reflects the strong potential of the product while also acknowledging the market's competitive landscape. It's a fair balance that captures both the value and the demand for this offering.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2350. This price reflects a careful consideration of the product's potential and the competitive landscape while remaining competitive in the current market context. I'm confident this is a fair and reasonable offer that acknowledges both value and demand.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2450. I believe this price reflects the strong potential and competitive nature of the product while still acknowledging the market demand. It's a reasonable step forward in our negotiation, considering the previous offers and the overall value of the product.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2400. I believe this price balances the product's strong potential and competitive nature while reflecting the market demand, making it a fair proposal that acknowledges the previous offers and the overall value of the product.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2400. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the product's strong potential and the recent offers, maintaining competitiveness while reflecting its true value in the market.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2400. I believe this price effectively reflects the product's strong potential and aligns with the recent competitive offers, ensuring a fair deal while maintaining a focus on its market appeal.