Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity, which suggests it can handle a reasonable amount of data, but the short data life limits its long-term usability. The lack of information on model performance improvement, data entropy, history, and market diminishes its overall value. However, the presence of sufficient capacity allows for a baseline valuation.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement, which can attract interest in a competitive market environment (0.5). However, the data life being short and medium data entropy suggests that while the product can initially be valuable, its longevity and reliability may be questioned. Thus, it holds some value but not at a premium level.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1700.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the enhanced value of the data product based on its moderate Model Performance Improvement, which can be quite appealing in a competitive market. Despite some concerns regarding its longevity and reliability, the initial value it brings justifies this premium.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. While the seller's offer of 1800 suggests a perceived value based on its moderate performance, I believe my offer better reflects the product's limitations in longevity and the uncertainty surrounding its reliability.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the significant value of the data product while considering the buyer's concerns about its longevity and reliability. It's a fair middle ground that acknowledges both parties' perspectives.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my concerns about the product's longevity and reliability. It strikes a balance between both our positions and keeps the negotiation moving forward.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1725. This price reflects the solid value of the data product while considering the buyer's concerns about its longevity and reliability. It strikes a balance that acknowledges the product¡¯s potential while remaining competitive.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1680. This price reflects my understanding of the product's limitations while still recognizing its potential value. It remains competitive and aligns with previous discussions about its longevity and reliability.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1710. The product has considerable value and potential, and I believe this price strikes a fair balance between recognizing its worth and addressing your concerns.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1690. The product has potential, but I still have reservations about its longevity and reliability. This price reflects a balance between recognizing its value and addressing those concerns.