Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The capacity of the product is sufficient, which indicates it can handle the necessary volume of data. However, the market is low at 0.4, suggesting limited demand. The absence of critical traits such as Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy makes it challenging to assess its full potential and effectiveness. Therefore, the price reflects a cautious estimate given the uncertain aspects of the product.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating that it has the potential to enhance the performance of existing systems. However, the data life is short and the history is NULL, which raises concerns about the product's longevity and track record. The market score of 0.4 suggests moderate demand, which could impact pricing. Overall, the combination of a decent MPI and capacity along with low data entropy, despite a short life and lack of history, leads to a conservative valuation.", 'confidence': '65'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, which indicates a strong potential to enhance existing systems. While I acknowledge the product's short data life and NULL history, the moderate market score of 0.4 suggests a promising demand, justifying a higher initial offer.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4800. Given the market score of 0.4 and the absence of critical traits like Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy, my offer reflects a cautious approach to the product's uncertain aspects and potential effectiveness.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement and the promising demand you mentioned while also addressing my concerns about the product's uncertain aspects.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price demonstrates my willingness to meet you halfway while still reflecting my concerns about the product's uncertain aspects. It's a competitive offer that acknowledges the model's improvements and the demand you've presented.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the improvements in model performance and the ongoing demand, while still addressing the concerns I have about the product's uncertainties. Let's move forward with this offer.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects a solid balance between the improvements in model performance and the need to address any lingering uncertainties about the product. It¡¯s a fair compromise that acknowledges the ongoing demand while remaining within the reasonable limits of our discussions.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects the improvements in model performance and the ongoing demand while still addressing the uncertainties surrounding the product. It represents a fair compromise that acknowledges the buyer's position while also safeguarding my interests.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price is a reasonable reflection of the improvements in model performance while also considering the ongoing demand and uncertainties surrounding the product. It demonstrates my willingness to engage and meet you halfway, providing a solid foundation for our negotiation.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects the improvements in model performance and ongoing demand while balancing the uncertainties involved with the product. It's a reasonable midpoint that I think both parties can agree upon.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price continues to reflect a fair assessment of the model's performance improvements while acknowledging the uncertainties we both face. This amount aligns with our previous discussions and shows my willingness to negotiate towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects the improvements in model performance and ongoing demand while also acknowledging the uncertainties that have been a consistent concern in our discussions.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5400. This price reflects my ongoing assessment of the model improvements and demand while ensuring we remain mindful of the uncertainties that have been discussed throughout our negotiations.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering both the ongoing demand and the uncertainties associated with the product. It aligns well with our previous discussions and maintains a balanced approach to this negotiation.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price is a reasonable adjustment that acknowledges the seller's position while still reflecting my commitment to securing a fair deal. It takes into account the ongoing demand and uncertainties while providing a slight incentive for the seller to agree.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5400. This price reflects my confidence in the product's potential while acknowledging the ongoing uncertainties we¡¯ve discussed. It remains a reasonable compromise given the current market dynamics and the buyer's last offer.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's confidence in the product and my own assessment of its potential, especially considering the market dynamics and previous discussions. This offer reflects my continued interest while remaining mindful of the uncertainties we've explored.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5400. This price reflects my confidence in the product's potential, while also acknowledging the ongoing demand and the concerns about uncertainties we have discussed in previous rounds. Let's move forward with this reasonable compromise.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price strikes a balance between our positions, reflecting both the seller's confidence in the product and my assessment of the ongoing uncertainties. Let's meet at this price and move forward with the deal.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5400. This price reflects my confidence in the product's value while considering the ongoing demand and addressing the uncertainties that have been discussed. Let's find a common ground and finalize this deal.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price is a fair compromise, considering the seller's confidence in the product's value and the ongoing demand. It acknowledges the uncertainties we've discussed while still reflecting my assessment of the situation. Let¡¯s work towards finalizing this deal.