Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and a market score of 0.5, indicating moderate demand. However, the short data life and several NULL traits limit its potential long-term value and performance insights. This suggests a modest price point despite some positive attributes.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a modest enhancement in performance, which can appeal to certain markets looking for incremental improvements. The capacity of the product is adequate, and a medium level of data entropy suggests that the data is usable but may have some complexity. However, the short data life limits its long-term value, and the NULL history means there is no past performance to reference. The market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand. Taken together, these factors suggest a reasonable price but with caution due to the short data life and lack of history.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1705.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the value of the data product, considering its modest performance enhancement and adequate capacity. The market demand suggests that there is potential for buyers seeking incremental improvements, making this a fair starting point for negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The data product has some positive attributes, but its short data life and NULL traits significantly limit its long-term potential. Therefore, a lower price is more appropriate given these factors.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects the product's unique attributes while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about its performance and market demand. I believe this is a fair compromise that highlights the value of the data product despite its limitations.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price represents a balanced approach, considering the seller's offer while still recognizing the product's performance concerns and market demand. It reflects my willingness to negotiate while ensuring I don't overextend my budget for a product that has limitations.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects the unique value of the data product while also considering the buyer's budget constraints. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's potential.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's valuation and my budget constraints, while still acknowledging the product's unique features. It's a reasonable step forward in our negotiations.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1725. This price reflects the product's unique qualities while acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints and the importance of reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price strikes a balance between the unique qualities of the product and my budget constraints, while still reflecting my willingness to reach a fair agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1710. This price reflects the unique qualities of the data product while also considering the buyer's budget constraints and the feedback from previous rounds. I'm confident this is a fair value that aligns with the product's potential.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price adequately reflects the product's unique qualities while also aligning with my budget constraints. It¡¯s a reasonable compromise that recognizes the value while remaining mindful of the previous discussions.