Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has a medium level of data entropy and sufficient capacity, which suggests it can handle a reasonable amount of data and may still provide some utility in data analysis. However, the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement, Data Life, and History indicates that there are uncertainties regarding its effectiveness and longevity in the market. The market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand, but the presence of NULL traits negatively impacts confidence.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a reasonable enhancement in performance, which is valuable in data-driven markets. The capacity is described as "enough," suggesting that the product can handle the necessary data volume, while "medium" data entropy implies that the data is manageable. However, the short data life presents a limitation for long-term use, which could detract from its overall value. The market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand, suggesting a competitive environment. Given these factors, the expected price reflects potential value but also uncertainty around longevity and market competition.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1475.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the considerable value of a Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, which enhances efficiency in data-driven applications. The product's capacity is adequate for managing necessary data volumes, and while it has some limitations due to its short data life, the moderate market demand indicates that this offering is competitive.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. Given the uncertainties surrounding Model Performance Improvement and Data Life, along with the moderate market demand, I believe this is a fair starting point to initiate our negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2000. Given the moderate market demand and the uncertainties surrounding the product, this price reflects a fair value while still acknowledging the potential for performance improvements.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this price strikes a balance between the current market conditions and the uncertainties mentioned, while still reflecting my confidence in the product's potential performance improvements.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2000. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value given the moderate market conditions and balances both parties' interests.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1800. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's valuation and my need for a reasonable deal, reflecting the product's potential while still acknowledging the market conditions.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1900. This price reflects the current market conditions and acknowledges the buyer's previous offer while maintaining a reasonable margin for negotiation. I believe this is a fair compromise considering the moderate demand and uncertainties surrounding the product.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1800. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between our previous negotiations and reflects my understanding of the current market conditions. It also shows my willingness to compromise while still valuing the product appropriately.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1850. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the current market conditions and the previous offers made. Let's continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1750. I believe this price strikes a balance between the previous offers while still reflecting the value of the product. It shows my willingness to negotiate while staying aligned with the current market conditions. Let's work together to finalize this deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1800. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise based on our previous discussions and the current market conditions. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price is a reasonable step forward, considering the previous offers and the need for a mutually beneficial agreement. Let's continue to work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects my confidence in the product's potential while also acknowledging the current market conditions and previous negotiations. Let's move forward toward a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation given the product's potential and the recent offers while allowing us to inch closer to a mutually agreeable deal. Let's keep the momentum going.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1600. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise, considering we are getting closer to a consensus and I want to facilitate a positive outcome while still recognizing the value of the product in this fluctuating market.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise given the progression of our negotiations and the current market dynamics. It acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still considering the moderate value of the product and my willingness to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the understanding of the product's potential in the current market. It's a reasonable step towards concluding this deal effectively.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 1450. This price reflects my continued commitment to negotiate fairly, while also considering the market dynamics we've discussed. It allows us to move closer to a final agreement without straying too far from the value of the product.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 1500. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise based on the previous discussions and the current market dynamics. It acknowledges the buyer's interest while allowing for a reasonable agreement.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 1450. This price reflects my continued interest in reaching an agreement while considering the seller's recent offer. It acknowledges the value of the product and aims for a fair resolution that benefits both parties in this negotiation.