Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can attract interest in certain markets. However, the market value of 0.5 suggests a reasonable demand, but not overly high. The absence of data related to Entropy, Life, and History indicates uncertainty, reducing confidence in the valuation. Given these factors, a price of 3000 reflects a balanced assessment of potential value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The product shows a decent model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which indicates it can enhance existing models to some extent. While the data life is short and entropy is medium, the market value at 0.5 suggests there's a reasonable demand for such a product. However, the absence of historical data limits confidence in its long-term effectiveness or reliability.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the decent model performance improvement of 0.2 and the reasonable demand suggested by the market value at 0.5. I believe this data product has valuable potential to enhance existing models, justifying a strong initial offer.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2500. Given the moderate model performance improvement of 0.2 and the uncertainty due to missing data on Entropy, Life, and History, I believe this price better reflects the balanced potential value of the data product in the current market context.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 3000. The data product has significant potential for growth, and I believe that a price of 3000 reflects its value while still considering the market demand and performance improvements. This is a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' perspectives.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2900. I believe this price takes into account the potential for growth while still being a reasonable offer given the seller's perspective on market demand and performance improvements. It reflects my commitment to finding a fair deal for both parties.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2950. I believe this price moderately reflects the ongoing negotiations while acknowledging both the data product's potential and the need for a reasonable compromise. Let's move forward from here.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2900. I believe this price still acknowledges the value of the data product while also reflecting the ongoing negotiations and our need for a fair compromise. Let's make this deal work!
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2900. This reflects a solid compromise given the current market dynamics and the product's performance, while still acknowledging its potential value. Let's move towards closing this deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2800. This price reflects my assessment of the data product¡¯s current market value while still allowing for a reasonable negotiation. It acknowledges the performance dynamics that have been discussed and aims to meet in the middle for a successful agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2850. This reflects my assessment that while the product has potential, I need to balance its perceived value with market realities. This price aims for a fair compromise while still recognizing the product's worth.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2750. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the product's potential while still acknowledging the seller's position and market realities. Let's move closer to an agreement that recognizes the value of this data product.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2800. I believe this price represents a fair balance between the potential value of the data product and the current market dynamics, while also considering the previous negotiations. Let's find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2700. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, taking into account the seller's latest offer of 2800 while still considering my budget constraints and the potential value of the data product. Let's move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2750. I believe this price strikes a balance between the product's potential and the market's current demand. It reflects a reasonable compromise as we move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2650. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's current value while considering the ongoing negotiations. It demonstrates my willingness to find common ground and move forward towards a successful agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2700. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation of the data product considering the market dynamics and potential, while also acknowledging the buyer's recent offer of 2750. This is a reasonable step towards reaching an agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2600. I believe this price represents a fair adjustment considering the seller's previous offer and maintains my position while moving closer to a potential agreement. Let's find common ground that reflects the value of the data product and the current market conditions.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 2650. I believe this price represents a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the evolving market dynamics. It allows us to move closer to a deal while acknowledging the product's potential.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 2550. I believe this price is a reasonable step forward, reflecting the ongoing negotiations and the adjustments made in the previous rounds. It acknowledges the market dynamics while still pushing for a deal that aligns with my budget.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 2600. I believe this reflects the current market dynamics and maintains a reasonable compromise considering our previous discussions. This price acknowledges the product¡¯s potential while also being mindful of the ongoing negotiations.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 2500. This price reflects my assessment of the product¡¯s value while considering the ongoing negotiations and previous offers. I believe it strikes a fair balance and encourages us to move towards a successful agreement.