Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating it can enhance performance to some extent. However, the short data life suggests limited long-term utility, and the lack of information in several key areas (Data Entropy, History, Market) reduces overall value and marketability. Given these factors, the expected price reflects a balance between the potential benefit and the uncertainties.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be appealing in a competitive market. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle sufficient data volume, while the medium data entropy indicates a reasonable level of complexity. However, the short data life and lack of history may limit long-term value, affecting its overall attractiveness. The market score of 0.5 indicates a decent demand, but not overwhelmingly high.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, which makes it a competitive option in the market. The product's capacity is sufficient for handling data volume, and while it has a medium data entropy, the overall offering remains attractive despite the short data life and lack of historical data.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4800. Considering the short data life and limited information in key areas, I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's moderate performance improvement and its uncertainties.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. This reflects the value of the product¡¯s moderate performance improvement and sufficient capacity while considering the buyer's concerns. I believe this price strikes a balance that acknowledges both the quality of the data product and the buyer's budgetary constraints.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5400. This price acknowledges the seller's offer while still reflecting my concerns regarding the product's value. It is a reasonable step closer to an agreement, considering the product's moderate performance and my budget constraints.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the quality of the product and the buyer's budget considerations, while still acknowledging the moderate performance improvements and sufficient capacity the product provides.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise, reflecting my acknowledgment of the seller's position while still addressing my concerns regarding the product's overall value and performance.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects the quality and value of the product while still being considerate of your budget. It maintains the balance we¡¯ve discussed in previous rounds and acknowledges the concerns you've raised. Let's move forward on this basis.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my concerns about the product's value. It represents a fair compromise that maintains our ongoing negotiation dynamics. Let's find common ground and move forward.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the quality and performance improvement of the product while remaining competitive within the buyer's budget. I believe this is a reasonable and fair offer that considers both parties' perspectives.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price continues to demonstrate my appreciation for the quality of the product while addressing my budgetary constraints. It also reflects my willingness to find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the quality of the product and is a fair compromise considering the buyer's previous offers and concerns. I believe this is a reasonable step towards finalizing our deal.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5400. This price is a fair reflection of my appreciation for the quality of the product while still addressing my concerns about its overall value. I believe we can find a mutually beneficial agreement at this price point.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects a strong balance between the product's quality and performance while still being competitive in the market. It also addresses your past concerns while providing a fair opportunity for both parties to move forward.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price maintains a fair balance between your quality offering and my budget constraints. While I recognize the value of the product, I still have concerns about its long-term performance. This price reflects my commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the product's quality and performance improvements while also acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints. Let's find a fair agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5400. This price reflects my recognition of the product's quality and aligns with my budget considerations. I'm eager to reach a mutually beneficial agreement that acknowledges both the value of the product and our respective constraints. Let¡¯s finalize this deal.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects the high quality of the product while still considering the buyer's budget constraints, and it maintains a competitive edge in the market.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the product's quality and aligns with my budget considerations. It also shows my willingness to find a mutually beneficial agreement while acknowledging the seller's previous offer.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the quality and performance of the product while still considering the buyer's budget constraints. It is a fair compromise that recognizes both the value of the offering and the need for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects my acknowledgment of the quality and performance of the product while still considering my budget constraints. It's a reasonable compromise that recognizes the value offered while aiming for a mutually beneficial agreement.