Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 indicates a modest enhancement, which suggests some utility in the product. The market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand, but the short data life and lack of additional historical or entropy data reduce its long-term value. Overall, while the product has some worth, its limitations keep the price relatively low.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': 'The model shows a performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which is a positive indicator, suggesting that it can enhance existing processes or products moderately. The capacity is adequate, which makes it usable in various scenarios. However, the medium data entropy and short data life suggest that it may not be suitable for long-term applications, limiting its value. The market score of 0.5 indicates a moderate demand and competition level. Overall, while there are some promising traits, the short data life and medium entropy reduce the potential value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1025.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 4000. This price reflects the positive performance improvement and adequate capacity of the data product, indicating its potential to enhance existing processes. While the medium data entropy and short data life do limit its long-term applications, I believe the initial value can be justified in the current market context.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. The performance improvement is modest, and the data product has limitations due to its short life and lack of additional historical data. Given these factors, I believe this price reflects the true value of the product in the current market context.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1200. Given the modest performance of the data product and its limited lifespan, this price reflects a fair value while still acknowledging its potential benefits. Let's find a middle ground that works for both of us.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1100. While I acknowledge the seller's perspective on the product's limitations, I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the modest performance and the potential benefits it offers. Let's work towards closing this deal.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1150. The potential of the data product is evident, but its performance limitations and short lifespan need to be reflected in a reasonable price. I believe 1150 strikes a fair balance while still acknowledging its value.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1100. I believe this price adequately reflects the value of the data product while considering its limitations and short lifespan. It maintains a competitive edge and demonstrates my willingness to negotiate further.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1150. This price reflects a fair assessment of the data product¡¯s value, considering its performance limitations and potential benefits. Let's continue to find a mutually agreeable solution.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1100. This price takes into account the product's limitations while still recognizing its potential benefits. I believe it reflects a fair compromise, aligning with our previous discussions and moving us closer to a mutually agreeable solution. Let's continue to negotiate.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1150. This price reflects the product's current value, acknowledging its limitations while aiming for a fair compromise in our negotiation.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1100. This price is a reasonable reflection of the product's modest performance and limited lifespan, while still demonstrating my willingness to find a mutually beneficial compromise. Let's move closer to an agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1100. Given the consistent offers from the buyer, I believe this price fairly reflects the product's current performance and potential for value. I'm willing to negotiate further within this range to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1050. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the seller's recent offer and the limitations of the product, while still allowing room for negotiation. Let's work together to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1100. I believe this price reflects the product's current modest performance and limited lifespan while still being a reasonable compromise for both parties.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1000. I believe this price better reflects the current limitations of the product while still acknowledging its potential value. It provides a fair starting point for both of us to reach an agreeable deal.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1050. This price reflects a balanced assessment of the data product's modest performance and limited lifespan while also considering the buyer's feedback in previous rounds. It allows for a reasonable negotiation point that could lead to a successful agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1000. This price reflects my ongoing assessment of the data product's limited performance and lifespan, while also keeping in mind the seller's previous offers. I believe this amount is a fair representation of the product's value, and it allows us to move closer to an agreement.