Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 suggests a moderate enhancement in performance, indicating potential value for users looking to improve their models. However, the lack of data on life, history, and market diminishes the overall confidence in the valuation. Given the medium data entropy and sufficient capacity, there is still enough value to consider the product worth a reasonable price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 suggests a reasonable enhancement in performance, which can attract buyers. The capacity is sufficient, but the medium data entropy and short data life indicate some limitations in long-term value. The market rating of 0.5 implies moderate demand, balancing the positive and negative aspects of the product.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1715.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) and the moderate demand in the market. I believe this value captures the enhancement in performance and the potential it holds for buyers looking for quality data solutions.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects the moderate value of the data product, taking into account the significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) but also considering the uncertainty due to the lack of additional historical market data. This offer is reasonable and aligns with my expectations for this deal.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects a balance between the significant Model Performance Improvement and the moderate market demand, while also acknowledging the limited historical market data. I believe this is a fair valuation that meets both our interests.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price reflects my recognition of the significant Model Performance Improvement while still considering the current market demand and the limited historical data. I believe this offer strikes a fair balance that values the data appropriately.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the positive Model Performance Improvement and the current market demand, while also recognizing the need for a fair valuation amidst the evolving conditions.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1725. This price strikes a balance between recognizing the seller's valuation while also reflecting the significant Model Performance Improvement and current market conditions that warrant a competitive offer.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the positive Model Performance Improvement and acknowledges the moderate market demand while maintaining a competitive edge in the current landscape.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price fairly reflects the positive Model Performance Improvement while remaining competitive in the current market landscape. It acknowledges the seller's position while also recognizing the value of this data product.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1720. This price reflects a balance between the positive Model Performance Improvement and the current market demand while also considering the buyer's previous offer of 1700. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1710. This price reflects my recognition of the positive Model Performance Improvement and the current market demand while also positioning myself competitively in this negotiation. It acknowledges the seller's offer of 1720 while allowing for a slight reduction that I believe is more aligned with my valuation.