Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '500', 'reason': 'The product has a sufficient capacity, but the short data life and multiple NULL traits suggest limited potential for long-term value and uncertainty regarding market demand and performance. Hence, the valuation is modest.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement over existing models, which can be appealing in competitive markets. The low data entropy suggests that the data is reliable and structured, which adds to its value. However, the short data life indicates that the product may not have long-term utility, which can limit its overall appeal. Given the market score of 0.4, there is some demand, but the combination of traits leads to a cautious valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:4775.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the substantial value of the data product, given its moderate enhancement over existing models and its reliable structure. Despite the short data life, I believe the demand in the competitive market justifies a higher initial price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 400. The substantial difference between our valuations reflects my concerns regarding the short data life and the presence of multiple NULL traits, which suggest limited long-term value. I believe this modest offer is more aligned with the product's realistic market potential.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000.0. This price reflects the intrinsic value of the data product, considering its enhancements and reliability, while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns about its short-term utility. I believe this is a fair middle ground that recognizes both the quality of the product and the buyer's perspective.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4900.0. This price acknowledges the seller's perspective while still reflecting my concerns about the product's limited long-term value. It's a reasonable adjustment that aims to bridge our positions and move closer to a potential agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5100. This price reflects the quality and potential of the data product while still being reasonable considering our previous discussions. I see value in moving closer to an agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5000. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between our previous discussions and the value I see in the data product, while also considering the concerns I've expressed about its limited long-term potential. I'm eager to find common ground and move forward in this negotiation.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5050. I believe this price reflects the quality and enhancements of the data product while still acknowledging the buyer's concerns about its long-term value. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 4950. I believe this price balances the seller's recognition of the product's quality with my ongoing concerns about its limited long-term value. Let's continue to work towards a fair agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5000. This price reflects the high quality and reliability of the data product while still aiming for a fair compromise considering the buyer's concerns about its long-term potential. Let's move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price reflects a fair value for the data product while still considering the potential concerns regarding its long-term viability. I'm looking for a compromise that acknowledges both the quality of the product and my reservations about its sustainability. Let's work towards a solution that benefits us both.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 4950. This price reflects my recognition of the buyer's concerns regarding the product's long-term viability while still valuing its quality and reliability. I believe this offer strikes a fair balance that could lead us to a successful agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4850. I believe this price better reflects my value assessment of the product while addressing the seller's concerns. It's a reasonable compromise considering the product's limited long-term viability, yet still recognizes its quality. Let¡¯s move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4900. I recognize the buyer's consistent interest and the ongoing discussions around the product's long-term value. This adjusted price reflects my willingness to find common ground while still valuing the quality and reliability of the data product.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing discussions about the product's limited long-term viability while still acknowledging its quality and reliability. Let's work toward an agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4850. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the concerns regarding the product's long-term viability while still acknowledging its quality and reliability. Let's aim for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4750. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the product's quality and addressing concerns about its limited long-term viability. It's a reasonable step toward reaching a mutually beneficial agreement. Let's continue to work together to find a satisfactory resolution.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 4800. This price reflects the quality and reliability of the data product while acknowledging the buyer's concerns regarding its limited long-term viability. I believe this is a fair compromise that brings us closer to a mutual agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 4750. I believe this price accurately reflects my ongoing concerns about the limited long-term viability of the data product while still recognizing the quality it provides. I'm looking to find a balance that encourages us to reach a mutual agreement in the remaining rounds.