Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': "The model performance improvement of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be appealing in a competitive market. The medium data entropy suggests some complexity in the data, which can add value but also poses potential risks. The market score of 0.5 indicates a decent level of demand, but the null values for data life and history limit the understanding of the product's longevity and reliability. Overall, given these factors, a price of 2500 seems reasonable.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 and a medium data entropy, suggesting it can provide some valuable insights. However, the short data life and lack of historical data limit its long-term utility. The market score of 0.5 indicates average demand, which further supports a moderate price point.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1705.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the potential insights the data can provide, despite its limitations. It captures the value of the product in the current market, which has average demand. Let's discuss how we can reach an agreement.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price reflects my assessment of the product's potential value while considering its limitations and average market demand. I believe this offer represents a fair starting point for our negotiation. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects a fair compromise between the initial offers, considering the product's moderate performance and the current market demand. I believe this is a reasonable value that acknowledges both parties' perspectives.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price aligns with my previous offer and reflects my assessment of the product's moderate performance, while also acknowledging the seller's position. I believe this is a fair price that could facilitate a successful deal for both parties.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects a balanced approach, acknowledging the product's moderate performance while also considering the buyer's previous offers. It positions us for a potential agreement while still valuing the product appropriately.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price reflects my assessment of the product's value, considering its moderate performance and the market demand. It allows us to reach an agreeable point while still being fair to both parties involved.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1725. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's moderate performance and current market demand while aiming to reach a successful agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the product's value considering its moderate performance and the current market dynamics. This offer is also consistent with my previous assessments and aims to facilitate a productive negotiation.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1710. This price reflects my assessment of the product's value while acknowledging the buyer's previous offers. It¡¯s a step towards a fair agreement, considering the current market dynamics and the need for a successful deal.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price maintains a fair balance between the product's perceived value and the previous offers made. It reflects my commitment to reaching an agreement while considering the seller's most recent proposition.