Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which could be appealing to certain users. However, the medium data entropy and short data life suggest that while it may be useful, it may not have long-term value. The NULL history and market traits indicate uncertainty about its market acceptance and demand. Therefore, a moderate price reflects the potential but also the risks associated with its value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating that it can enhance existing models to some degree. The market score of 0.5 suggests there is a fair demand for such improvements. However, the data life being short and the entropy being medium may limit its long-term value. Overall, the product has potential but is not without its limitations, leading to a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects the product's moderate model performance improvement and the fair demand in the market, which positions it as a valuable asset despite its limitations.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1200. Given the moderate model performance improvement and the uncertainties surrounding its long-term value, I believe this price more accurately reflects the potential risks associated with the data product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2300. The product has demonstrated a solid performance improvement and is backed by a strong market demand, making it a valuable investment. This adjusted price reflects my willingness to negotiate while still recognizing the product's inherent worth.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2000. The product's potential is still appealing, but I remain cautious about the long-term risks. This price reflects a balanced perspective, acknowledging its value while considering the market uncertainties. Let's keep working towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2100. The product's performance remains strong and the market demand is still robust, justifying a price that reflects its true value while also considering the buyer's concerns.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2000. The product does have a strong performance and market demand, but I believe my offer reflects a more balanced assessment of value considering potential long-term risks.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2050. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the strong performance of the product and current market demand, while still addressing the buyer's concerns about long-term value.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2000. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still representing a cautious approach due to the long-term risks associated with the product. It's a fair compromise that considers both current market conditions and potential future performance.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2025. The product has shown consistent performance and remains in demand, which justifies a slightly higher price while remaining competitive.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1950. Given the product's consistent performance and demand, I believe this price reflects a fair assessment while acknowledging some caution regarding long-term risks. Let's find common ground.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2000. I believe this price reflects the strong performance of the product while still acknowledging the buyer's concerns about long-term risks. Let's find a fair middle ground.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1950. I believe this price takes into account the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my concerns about the long-term risks associated with the product. It represents a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's performance without overstating its value. Let's move forward from here.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1980. This price reflects a balanced approach, considering the product's consistent performance and the buyer's concerns about long-term value. It shows my willingness to negotiate while still valuing the product appropriately.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1870. This price reflects my understanding of the product's performance and the ongoing negotiations, while also considering the long-term risks we've discussed. It positions me well for a fair deal, demonstrating my commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1950. This price reflects a balanced perspective on the product's consistent performance and the current market demand, while still considering the buyer's concerns about long-term risks.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1850. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the product's performance and the long-term risks I've identified. By offering 1850, I acknowledge the seller's perspective while also ensuring I'm making a prudent investment.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 1900. This price reflects the strong performance of the product while considering the buyer's concerns about long-term value. It strikes a balance that acknowledges the ongoing demand without underestimating the associated risks.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 1800. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the seller's position while still emphasizing my cautious approach regarding the long-term value of the product. It represents a fair compromise, considering both our perspectives on performance and market demand.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 1850. This price reflects a balanced assessment of the product's performance and market demand while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about long-term risks. It¡¯s a fair compromise that aligns with recent offers and allows us to move towards a successful deal.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 1750. This price reflects my continued recognition of the product's value while also considering the long-term risks involved. It represents a reasonable step towards a mutually beneficial agreement, especially in light of the recent offers and market conditions.