Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The market value of 0.3 suggests a lower demand or niche application, while the capacity being sufficient indicates that the product can handle expected workloads. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement, data entropy, data life, and history raises concerns about the product's effectiveness and reliability. Therefore, the price is set modestly to reflect its potential but limited appeal.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 suggests a moderate enhancement in performance, which can attract users looking for better efficiency. The capacity being sufficient indicates that it can handle the required data volumes. However, the medium data entropy and life suggest some limitations in the data's freshness and variability. The market score of 0.3 indicates a modest demand. Overall, while the product has some positive traits, the presence of NULL in history and other areas limits the potential value.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1525.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the value of the data product, considering its moderate Model Performance Improvement and sufficient capacity, which can greatly enhance efficiency for users.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. The market value suggests lower demand and the product's limited appeal due to insufficient information on key factors like model performance and data reliability. My offer reflects a cautious approach to the value of this data product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. Given the moderate interest from the buyer and the need to balance demand with the perceived value of the data product, this price reflects a fair compromise while still emphasizing its performance improvement and efficiency benefits.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between the value of the data product and the seller's last offer. It reflects my interest while still considering the need for a fair deal based on our previous discussions.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1550. This price reflects a balance between the buyer's interest and my assessment of the product's value considering its performance improvements and the current market demand.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price strikes a fair balance considering the performance improvements and current market conditions, while still reflecting my previous valuations. I'm confident this is a reasonable offer that acknowledges the seller's perspective while remaining within my budget.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1550. This price reflects a fair compromise based on our previous discussions, acknowledging both the product's valuable efficiency improvements and the current market dynamics.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1500. This price maintains my position while acknowledging the seller's recent offer and the need for a mutually beneficial agreement. I believe it reflects a fair assessment of the product's value and the current market conditions.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1550. This price reflects a balanced assessment of the product's value while considering the buyer's previous offers. It acknowledges the efficiency benefits and moderate performance improvements, aiming for a fair agreement that recognizes both parties' interests.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1500. This price represents a fair and reasonable assessment of the product's value considering the previous offers and the current market dynamics. It reflects my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement while acknowledging the efficiency benefits and moderate performance improvements of the product.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1525. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's performance improvements and the current market conditions, while also acknowledging the buyer's previous offers. It's a reasonable step towards finding common ground.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price maintains a fair balance considering the product's performance improvements and the ongoing discussions we've had. It reflects my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement while still recognizing the value of the product.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1550. This price reflects the product's solid performance and the ongoing demand in the market while also acknowledging the buyer's position. I believe this is a fair compromise and a step towards closing the deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price remains fair given the ongoing discussions and acknowledges the market dynamics while also considering the value that the product brings. It's a reasonable step towards finalizing this deal, reflecting both the product's potential and my commitment to reach an agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1550. This price reflects the product's solid performance improvements and the demand in the market, while still considering the buyer's previous offers. Let's move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while keeping in mind the previous discussions and the need for a mutually beneficial agreement. Let's move forward and finalize this deal.