Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_entrophy': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) score of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in model performance, which can be valuable in competitive markets. However, the absence of critical traits such as Capacity, Data Entropy, Data Life, and History limits the overall assessment of the product's robustness and applicability. The market score of 0.3 suggests that there is some demand, yet the lack of comprehensive data makes this a cautious estimate.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product shows a notable Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating a significant enhancement in its capabilities. However, the absence of data on capacity, data entropy, and history limits a comprehensive evaluation. The long data life suggests durability, which is a positive aspect, but the overall uncertainty with many NULL traits affects the confidence in the valuation. The market score of 0.3 implies a modest demand, supporting a conservative price estimation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2900.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects the notable Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, highlighting the significant enhancement in capabilities, as well as the durability indicated by the long data life. While there are uncertainties due to the absence of data on capacity and other traits, this premium price accounts for the potential value and the modest demand in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 3000. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the Model Performance Improvement score of 0.3, which suggests some potential value, while also considering the limitations in critical traits such as Capacity and Data Entropy. Although the market demand is modest, I believe this offer is a fair starting point for our negotiations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2800. I believe this price reflects the significant value of the 0.3 Model Performance Improvement while also accommodating the uncertainties mentioned. It positions us for a fair negotiation and recognizes the potential benefits to both parties.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2900. This price reflects the considerable value of the 0.3 Model Performance Improvement, while still addressing the uncertainties noted regarding capacity and traits. It strikes a balance between our perspectives and positions us for a fruitful negotiation moving forward.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2900. This price reflects the recognized value of the 0.3 Model Performance Improvement while addressing the uncertainties discussed. It positions us for a fair negotiation, and I believe it aligns well with the recent offers made. Let's move forward with this figure.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2850. This price reflects a balanced approach between the previous offers while acknowledging the recognized value of the 0.3 Model Performance Improvement and the uncertainties we've discussed. It positions us well for a productive negotiation and demonstrates my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement. Let's proceed with this figure.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2900. This price reflects the strong value of the 0.3 Model Performance Improvement and aligns with the recent offers made in our negotiations. I believe it represents a fair compromise considering the uncertainties involved. Let's continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2850. This price maintains a strong alignment with the recent offers and reflects the value of the 0.3 Model Performance Improvement, while also considering the uncertainties in capacity and traits. I believe this is a reasonable and competitive offer that keeps us moving toward a beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2900. This price reflects the fair value considering the 0.3 Model Performance Improvement and aligns with the recent offers, ensuring a competitive and fruitful negotiation.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2900. This price reflects the fair value considering the 0.3 Model Performance Improvement and aligns with recent offers, ensuring a competitive and fruitful negotiation.