Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity, suggesting it can handle a reasonable volume of data, but the short data life indicates that its usefulness may be limited. The market value is relatively low at 0.4, which suggests limited demand. Given the combination of these factors, a moderate pricing is justified.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a decent Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating it can enhance performance to some extent. The capacity is sufficient, which suggests it can handle expected workloads. However, the low data entropy implies limited variability in the data, which may not attract high-value applications. The short data life may limit its long-term usability, but the market score of 0.4 suggests there is some demand. Overall, the balance of these traits leads to a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2625.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the value of the data product with its decent Model Performance Improvement and sufficient capacity, which can enhance performance to some extent despite the limitations in variability and data life. I believe this pricing captures the potential demand in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 800. The significant difference between our valuations indicates that the current market demand for this data product is not as high as the seller suggests, especially considering its limited data life and variability. My offer reflects a more realistic assessment of its value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. This price reflects the value of the data product, considering its substantial performance improvement potential and unique features that can significantly benefit the buyer. I believe this is a fair compromise given the previous discussions.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1400. Given the data product's limited data life and variability, I believe my offer reflects a more realistic valuation based on market demand. While I appreciate the seller's consideration of the product's potential, I still see significant risks that must be accounted for in our negotiations.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 4000. I believe this price reflects the substantial value and performance improvement potential of the data product while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns about market demand.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1500. Given the seller's concerns about the product's value and performance potential, I still need to factor in the limited data life and market demand risks that have been discussed previously. My offer reflects a fair assessment of these factors while still showing my willingness to negotiate.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 3500. This price reflects the product's unique features and significant performance potential while still acknowledging the buyer's concerns about market demand and data life. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the value of the product while being attractive to the buyer.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects my continued concerns about the product's limited data life and market demand risks while still acknowledging some value in the unique features and performance potential. This offer represents a reasonable step towards a fair compromise.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 3000. This price reflects the substantial value and performance improvement potential of the data product, while also considering the buyer's concerns about limited data life. Let's find a middle ground that recognizes the uniqueness of this offering.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2900. I believe this price better reflects the balance between the product's unique features and performance potential while still addressing the concerns about its limited data life. Let's work towards a fair agreement that acknowledges both sides' perspectives.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2800. This price reflects the unique features and performance potential of the product while acknowledging the buyer's previous offer. I believe we are getting closer to a fair agreement that recognizes the value of this data product.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2700. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the product's unique features and performance potential while still addressing my concerns about its limited data life and market demand. This is a reasonable step towards closing the gap in our negotiations.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2750. The product has unique features and significant performance potential that justifies a strong value, but I¡¯m recognizing the need to find common ground as we move towards a fair agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2600. The seller's current offer of 2750 is too high for my valuation given the ongoing concerns about the product's limited data life and market demand. I believe 2600 reflects a fair compromise while still recognizing the unique features of the product.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2700. This price reflects the unique features and potential performance improvements of the product while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns about its limited data life and market demand. Let's find a fair ground for both of us.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2600. I believe this price acknowledges the unique features of the product while still taking into account the concerns regarding its limited data life and market demand. Let's work towards a mutually agreeable solution.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 2650. I believe this reflects the unique features and performance potential of the product while being reasonable given your last offer of 2600. Let's move closer to a fair agreement that recognizes the value of what I'm providing.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 2600. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the product's unique features while considering the concerns about its limited data life and market demand. Let's work towards closing this deal.