Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The product has a medium level of data entropy and data life, which suggests it has some useful insights and a reasonable lifespan. However, the low market score of 0.3 indicates limited demand. The NULL traits, particularly Model Performance Improvement and History, create uncertainty about the product's effectiveness and reliability, which prevents a high valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a significant enhancement in model accuracy, which can be very appealing to potential buyers. Additionally, the medium data entropy and medium data life suggest that the data is not overly complex nor too ephemeral, making it a relatively stable asset. However, the absence of historical data (NULL) limits the confidence in the product's performance over time and reduces its perceived value. Considering the market rating of 0.3, which indicates moderate demand, the expected price reflects the potential value while accounting for the uncertainties.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant enhancement in model accuracy indicated by the Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, which makes the data product highly appealing. Considering the medium data entropy and life, I believe this is a valuable asset that can provide stable insights.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. Considering the uncertainties highlighted by the NULL traits, particularly in Model Performance Improvement and History, along with the low market score of 0.3, I believe this price reflects a more realistic valuation for the data product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 10000. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the value of the data product and the uncertainties in its market performance. It also acknowledges the buyer's interest while still being significantly higher than their last offer, ensuring that we can proceed towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 9000. I believe this price better aligns with the perceived value of the data product while considering the uncertainties expressed by the seller. It demonstrates my willingness to negotiate and find common ground for a successful agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 9500. This price reflects a fair compromise between the previous offers while recognizing the value of the data and the improvements in model accuracy. It also addresses the buyer's willingness to negotiate, providing a solid foundation for moving forward.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 9000. This price reflects my view of the value of the data product while maintaining a reasonable negotiation stance. It is consistent with my previous offer and recognizes the seller's latest proposition, allowing us to find common ground as we move forward in this deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 9100. This price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the buyer's willingness to negotiate while still valuing the data product effectively. Let's move toward finalizing this deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 9000. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation of the data product while demonstrating my willingness to engage in this negotiation. It aligns closely with the previous offers and maintains a solid ground for us to reach a mutually beneficial agreement. Let's finalize this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 9100. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the buyer's last offer and the value of the data product while maintaining my position in this negotiation.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 9000. I believe this price is a reasonable and fair compromise that reflects the value of the data product while also acknowledging the seller's position in this negotiation. Let's finalize this deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 9100. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the value of the data product, while still aligning with my interests.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 9000. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation of the data product while acknowledging the seller's position and the ongoing negotiations. It's a reasonable compromise that allows us to move forward and finalize the deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 9100. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the value of the data product and the ongoing negotiations, aiming to reach a mutually beneficial agreement while still considering market conditions.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 9000. I believe this price continues to reflect a fair valuation of the data product while acknowledging the seller's position. It's a reasonable step towards finalizing our agreement, and I am confident this offer will lead us closer to a mutually beneficial outcome.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 9000. I believe this reflects the value of the data while acknowledging the buyer's position and the ongoing negotiations. It's a fair compromise to move us closer to a deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 8900. I believe this price is a reasonable step towards finalizing the deal while still reflecting the value of the data. It acknowledges the seller's position and lowers the price slightly to demonstrate my willingness to compromise further. Let's move closer to an agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 8950. I believe this price reflects the ongoing negotiations and represents a fair compromise, taking into account the buyer's last offer while still valuing the data product appropriately. Let's move forward towards closing this deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 8850. I believe this price is a reasonable step towards closing the deal while still reflecting the value I see in the data product. It acknowledges the seller's last offer and aims to create a mutually beneficial agreement as we move forward.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 8850. I believe this price reflects a balanced compromise, acknowledging the buyer's last offer while still valuing the data product appropriately. Let's move towards finalizing the deal.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 8700. This price reflects my understanding of the seller's position while still recognizing the declining trend in offers. It¡¯s a fair step towards achieving a final agreement that acknowledges the value of the data product without overstepping the bounds of our negotiations. Let's finalize this deal.