Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a significant enhancement in performance, which is typically valuable in data products. The capacity being "enough" suggests it can handle a reasonable amount of data, while the medium data entropy and life imply that the data is relatively stable and usable over time. However, the absence of historical and market information introduces uncertainty. Overall, the product has potential but lacks complete information.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a positive impact on performance, which is valuable in competitive markets. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle typical usage demands. However, the medium data entropy and data life imply that while the data is useful, it may not have exceptional uniqueness or longevity. The market score of 0.3 indicates moderate demand, which tempers the overall valuation. Given these factors, the product has potential value but with some limitations.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1625.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the strong potential of the data product, given its positive Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 and sufficient capacity to meet typical usage demands. While the medium data entropy and life suggest some limitations, I believe the value in competitive markets justifies this price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price better reflects the potential of the data product, considering the limitations such as the medium data entropy and the lack of historical and market information. While the Model Performance Improvement is promising, the uncertainties warrant a more cautious approach in pricing.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects the strong potential of the data product while also acknowledging the concerns regarding its limitations. It¡¯s a fair compromise that still values the product¡¯s capabilities.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price recognizes the value of the product while still considering the uncertainties and limitations that were previously discussed. It¡¯s a balanced approach that reflects my interest in moving forward with the deal.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects the strong potential of the data product while also acknowledging the limitations that have been discussed. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the value of the product and the buyer's concerns.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the potential of the data product while still addressing the limitations we've discussed. It reflects my assessment of the risks involved and my intention to move forward with this deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's potential and the acknowledged limitations, while still moving us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price takes into account the product's potential while also recognizing the limitations we've discussed. It represents a more cautious but fair approach as we aim to reach a beneficial agreement for both parties.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects a fair assessment of the data product's potential while acknowledging its limitations, making it a reasonable compromise for both parties.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, considering the potential of the data product alongside its limitations. It's a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the value we both see in this deal while still being cautious about the uncertainties involved.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects the product's strong potential while acknowledging the ongoing concerns about its limitations. I believe this is a fair compromise that can lead us toward a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's potential while still taking into account its limitations. Maintaining a cautious approach allows us to navigate toward a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects the product's potential and addresses the ongoing discussions we've had regarding its limitations. It's a reasonable and fair offer that I believe both parties can agree upon to move forward effectively.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price fairly represents the ongoing balance between the product's potential and its limitations. By offering 1600, I am demonstrating my willingness to engage and find a mutually beneficial agreement, while also acknowledging the concerns raised in previous discussions. Let's move forward with this realistic and constructive offer.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects the product's promising potential while acknowledging its limitations, which I believe is a fair compromise considering our previous discussions. Let's move towards closing this deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price maintains a fair balance considering the product's potential while still addressing the limitations we've discussed. It's a reasonable step towards finalizing the agreement, and I hope we can reach a mutual understanding.