Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 indicates a decent enhancement in performance, which can be attractive to potential buyers. The capacity being "enough" suggests it can handle a reasonable amount of data, while medium data entropy and life indicate moderate complexity and longevity of the data product. However, the NULL history raises some concerns about the product\'s track record and past usage, thus limiting its perceived reliability. The market score of 0.3 suggests a modest demand, which aligns with the overall assessment of the product\'s features.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate improvement in model performance (MPI of 0.2) and has sufficient capacity, which indicates it can handle a reasonable amount of data. However, the medium data entropy and life suggest that while the data is somewhat stable, it is not the most optimal for long-term use. The market value of 0.3 indicates a moderate level of demand. Given these factors, the expected price reflects a balanced assessment of potential utility and market conditions.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:5805.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the moderate improvement in model performance and the sufficient capacity of the data product, which makes it a valuable asset in the current market. I believe the quality and potential utility of this product justify a premium above my expected value.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 5500. While I recognize the moderate improvement in model performance and the sufficient capacity of the data product, I believe that the NULL history raises concerns about its reliability, which should be reflected in the price. This offer is a fair starting point for our negotiations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5700. Given the improved model performance and the utility of the data product, I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while still addressing my concerns about reliability.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5600. I believe this price acknowledges the value of the improved model performance and the utility of the data product while still addressing my budgetary constraints. Let's find a fair compromise that allows both of us to move forward.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5800. I believe this price reflects the improved model performance and utility while still addressing my concerns about reliability. Let's find a middle ground that both parties can agree on.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's concerns over reliability and the improved model performance that justifies a higher valuation. Let's move forward and reach an agreement that benefits us both.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5900. I believe this price reflects the improved model performance while still addressing my concerns about reliability. It¡¯s a fair compromise that recognizes the value of the data product.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5800. I believe this price fairly aligns with the improved model performance while also addressing the reliability concerns raised. It's a reasonable offer that takes into account the value of the data product while ensuring we are both satisfied with the deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5850. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while also considering the improvements in model performance and utility that have been highlighted in our discussions. Let's find a fair middle ground that benefits both parties.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5800. I believe this price reflects my commitment to finding a fair compromise while considering the improvements in model performance and utility we¡¯ve discussed. It's a reasonable offer that acknowledges the value of the data product while also ensuring a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5825. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's value and the buyer's previous offers, while also addressing my concerns about reliability. Let's move towards a fair agreement that acknowledges the improved model performance and the utility of the data product.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5800. I believe this price represents a sensible compromise, acknowledging the improved model performance and the value of the data product while still reflecting my budgetary constraints. Let's finalize this deal and move forward!
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5810. I believe this price strikes a balance between the buyer's last offer and the product's value, maintaining a fair negotiation while still addressing the reliability concerns we've discussed.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5800. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise given the reliability concerns and aligns with my previous offers, while also acknowledging the product's improved performance.