Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity, which indicates it can handle a reasonable amount of data processing or storage. However, the absence of information about Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, Data Life, History, and Market limits the confidence in its overall value. Given the lack of critical traits, a conservative price is suggested.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product demonstrates a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which indicates it can improve existing models, making it valuable in a competitive market. The medium data entropy and life suggest that the data is reliable and can be utilized effectively. Although the market score is relatively low at 0.4, the overall traits suggest a decent capacity for use, which enhances its attractiveness. However, the lack of historical data (NULL) diminishes confidence in long-term performance, which slightly impacts the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This data product demonstrates a notable Model Performance Improvement and possesses reliable traits, making it quite valuable in a competitive market. The moderate MPI indicates it can enhance existing models effectively, warranting a higher price point.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4900. Given the uncertainties regarding Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, and other crucial traits, I believe this price reflects a conservative yet fair valuation for the data product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5800. This price reflects the substantial value and performance improvement that my data product provides, while also considering the buyer's concerns about valuation. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the quality of the product and the buyer's budgetary constraints.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5700. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's product value while still addressing my budgetary concerns. I'm looking to find a reasonable middle ground that respects the quality of the data product while also considering my previous valuation of 4900.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5750. I believe this price reflects the high value of the data product and its notable performance improvement while still being within a reasonable range of the buyer's last offer.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5700. This price acknowledges the seller's value proposition for the data product while still allowing for a reasonable negotiation space. I believe it's a fair offer considering the improvements and the previous discussions.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5800. This price reflects the significant value and notable performance improvement of the data product while still considering the ongoing negotiations. Let's find a fair agreement that acknowledges the product's worth.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the significant value and performance improvements of the data product while aligning with my budget constraints. Let's work towards an agreement that satisfies both parties.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5750. This price reflects the high value and performance of the data product while remaining within a reasonable range for negotiation. Let's find common ground that recognizes the product's worth.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price accurately reflects the balance between recognizing the product's value and staying within my budget constraints. Let's work together to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5750. This price reflects the high value of the data product and acknowledges the buyer's previous offer while maintaining a fair negotiation process.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price recognizes the substantial value of the data product while also aligning closely with the seller's previous offers. It's a fair compromise that reflects my ongoing interest in securing this deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5750. This price reflects the exceptional value of the data product and its proven performance improvements while recognizing the buyer's budget constraints. I believe this is a fair and attractive offer that can lead us to a successful deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5700. This price reflects my continued acknowledgment of the product's value while remaining mindful of my budget constraints. I believe this is a reasonable offer that aligns with our previous discussions and can facilitate a successful agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5700. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while still acknowledging the exceptional value and performance of the data product.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5600. I believe this price acknowledges the exceptional value of the data product while still allowing for a reasonable negotiation space. It's a step closer to a deal that reflects both our interests.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5700. I believe this price reflects the exceptional value and performance of the data product while remaining within a reasonable range for both parties to consider.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5600. I believe this price represents a fair compromise, considering the product's exceptional value and my previous offers. I am keen to finalize this deal while ensuring it remains within my budget.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5600. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the persistent negotiations and the value of the data product, while still aiming to conclude this deal effectively.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5500. I believe this price represents a reasonable compromise given the ongoing negotiations and the value I see in the data product, while still reflecting my budget constraints.