Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_entrophy': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': 'Despite the lack of specific metrics like Model Performance Improvement and Capacity, the long data life suggests that the product may have enduring value in certain applications. However, the significant number of NULL traits indicates a lack of comprehensive data to justify a higher price.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 suggests a moderate enhancement in performance, which could appeal to specific markets. The long data life indicates that the product can remain relevant and useful over time, potentially increasing its value. However, the NULL values in capacity, data entropy, and history limit the understanding of the product's full capabilities and market positioning, leading to a cautious valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:6250.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 7000. This price reflects the product's moderate enhancement in performance, along with its long data life, which adds significant value over time. I believe this price is fair given the potential appeal in specific markets despite some limitations.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2500. This price reflects my assessment of the product's moderate value given its potential, but also considers the significant number of NULL traits that limit its overall appeal.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 6000. The product's moderate performance and long data life are significant advantages that justify a higher value, but I recognize the need for flexibility based on the feedback received. This price reflects a fair compromise while still highlighting the product's inherent strengths.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 6500. The product¡¯s moderate performance and long data life are valuable attributes that merit a higher valuation, and this price represents a balanced approach that acknowledges both its strengths and the feedback I've received.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 6400. Given the product's moderate performance and long data life, I believe this price strikes a good balance between the value it provides and the feedback we've received. It reflects the strengths while still being competitive in the market.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 6200. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, taking into account the product's strengths in moderate performance and long data life while also addressing the concerns regarding its appeal. This adjustment positions us competitively in the market and is a step towards finalizing the deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 6300. I believe this price reflects the product's moderate performance and long data life while addressing the concerns raised by the analysts. It strikes a balance between the offers on the table and maintains competitiveness in this negotiation.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 6250. I believe this price effectively acknowledges the product's moderate performance and long data life while remaining competitive in this negotiation. It reflects a reasonable compromise between the previous offers and addresses the concerns raised by analysts about its limited appeal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 6250. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's moderate performance and long data life while addressing concerns about its limited appeal. This offer maintains competitiveness and considers the feedback we¡¯ve received from previous rounds.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 6200. I believe this price reflects a competitive and fair assessment of the product's moderate performance and long data life while still addressing the concerns raised about its limited appeal. This price positions us well to move forward in the negotiation.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 6250. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's moderate performance and long data life while addressing concerns about its limited appeal. It positions us competitively in the market, and it aligns closely with the recent offers made by the analysts.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 6200. I believe this price reflects a solid compromise, taking into account the product's moderate performance and long data life while still addressing the concerns about its limited appeal. It positions us competitively in the market and aligns closely with the recent offers made by the analysts.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 6250. I believe this price accurately reflects the product's moderate performance and long data life while also addressing the concerns regarding its limited appeal. It's a balanced approach that should maintain competitiveness in the market.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 6250. I believe this price remains fair and competitive, reflecting the product's moderate performance and long data life while also addressing the concerns regarding its limited appeal. This balanced approach is essential for closing the deal successfully.