Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and medium data entropy, which suggests it can handle a reasonable amount of data with moderate complexity. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement, data life, and history limits its potential to command a higher price. The market demand suggests a modest interest but is not strong, leading to a conservative valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a significant enhancement in performance, which is valuable in competitive markets. The medium data entropy and life suggest a moderate level of complexity and usefulness over time, while the market score of 0.4 indicates a reasonable demand. However, the lack of historical data limits the confidence in long-term performance. Overall, the product shows potential value but with some uncertainty.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1590.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant model performance improvement of 0.2, which is highly valuable in competitive markets. Additionally, the moderate complexity and useful life of the data product further justify this premium price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. The current offer of 1800 is beyond my valuation, considering the product's moderate complexity and the limited information on its performance and history. While I acknowledge the seller's points, I believe my offer is more reflective of the overall market demand and the product's capabilities.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects the high value and performance improvements of the product while still considering the buyer's perspective on market value. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges the quality and utility of this offering.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. Given the moderate complexity and limited performance history of the product, this price strikes a balance between recognizing the seller's improvements and the market value I believe is more accurate. Let's work towards a fair agreement that reflects both perspectives.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, taking into account the product's high potential and the buyer's previous offer of 1600, while still acknowledging the value I bring to the table.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price accurately reflects the market value of the product considering its moderate complexity and limited performance history, while still acknowledging the seller's position. Let's find a fair agreement that works for both of us.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1625. This price reflects a balanced approach considering the product's potential and the buyer's concerns about market value and performance history. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price reflects a reasonable assessment of the product's market value given its performance history and moderate complexity. It acknowledges the seller's perspective while still aiming for a fair deal that aligns with my budget considerations.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1610. This price reflects the product's valuable features and performance potential, while also considering the buyer's perspective on market value. I believe this is a reasonable step towards reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1580. This price reflects my continued assessment of the product's market value while considering the seller's recent offers. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the potential of the product but also respects budget constraints.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1605. This price reflects a fair compromise, taking into account the product's potential and the buyer's budget considerations while still recognizing its value and performance capabilities.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1580. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's valuation and my budget constraints, reflecting a reasonable assessment of the product's market value given its performance history and potential.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's consistent offers, while still acknowledging the product's value and potential.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1580. I believe this price still reflects a fair assessment of the product's value in light of our ongoing negotiations while remaining within my budget constraints. This offer aligns with my previous positions and acknowledges the limited performance history we've discussed.