Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_entrophy': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a notable enhancement in performance, which can be highly valuable in data-driven applications. However, the lack of information on capacity, data entropy, and market factors limits the potential for a higher valuation. Given the long data life, the product has sustained usability, contributing positively to its value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a notable enhancement in performance, which can be attractive in the market, especially if the product is aimed at sectors where efficiency and effectiveness are critical. However, the lack of data on capacity and entropy raises concerns about the completeness and potential scalability of the product. The long data life suggests the product has lasting utility, but the market score of 0.5 indicates moderate interest. Overall, while the product shows promise, the missing traits limit confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:18350.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 20000. This price reflects the significant model performance improvement of 0.3, which positions our data product as a highly valuable asset in the market. Despite some limitations regarding capacity and entropy, the long data life suggests it will provide sustained utility, making it an attractive option for buyers seeking efficiency and effectiveness.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. While the model performance improvement of 0.3 is indeed notable, the uncertainties regarding capacity and data entropy lead me to a more cautious valuation. Considering the long data life, I believe this price reflects a fair and reasonable starting point for our negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 18000. Given the model's significant performance improvements and sustained utility, I believe this price reflects its true value while still being reasonable considering the caution expressed regarding uncertainties.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 19000. Given the model's significant performance improvements and its sustained utility, I believe this price reflects a fair midpoint that acknowledges the strengths while also considering the caution expressed about uncertainties.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 18500. The model has shown significant performance improvements and sustained utility, making it valuable despite the acknowledged uncertainties. This price reflects a balanced consideration of its strengths while remaining competitive in the current market.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 18200. The model's significant performance improvements and sustained utility justify a strong investment, yet I recognize the market's cautious sentiment regarding uncertainties. This price reflects a fair balance between the value of the model and the current market dynamics.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 18400. The model has demonstrated significant performance improvements and sustained utility, justifying a strong price point. While I acknowledge the cautious sentiment in the market, I believe this price reflects the model's true value and potential.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 18300. The model's significant performance improvements and sustained utility warrant a strong yet reasonable price, reflecting its true potential while considering the cautious sentiment in the market.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 18350. The model has demonstrated significant improvements in performance and sustained utility, which justifies a competitive price. This offer reflects a balance between the cautious sentiments in the market and the undeniable strengths of the model.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 18350. The model's significant performance improvements and sustained utility justify this competitive price, reflecting a fair assessment amid the cautious market sentiment.