Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_entrophy': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be valuable in competitive markets. The long data life suggests the product has lasting relevance, though the NULL traits limit the overall context. The market score of 0.5 indicates that there¡¯s a reasonable demand, but the lack of clarity in other traits reduces the confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a decent enhancement in performance, which can be valuable in a competitive market. Additionally, a long data life suggests longevity and ongoing relevance of the product. However, the NULL values in capacity, data entropy, and history reduce the overall confidence in the valuation, but the market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand. Therefore, the expected price reflects the potential of the product while accounting for the uncertainty from missing traits.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:16795.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, which enhances the product's value in a competitive market. Additionally, the long data life ensures ongoing relevance, making this a worthwhile investment.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1200. Given the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the long data life, I believe this initial offer reflects a fair starting point for negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. Given the significant Model Performance Improvement and the long data life, this price reflects the true value of the data product while also considering the moderate offer on the table. Let's move towards a fair deal.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 16000. Given the significant Model Performance Improvement and the long data life, this price strikes a balance between the higher offer of 18000 and the lower perspective of 1200. It reflects a fair valuation of the data product while keeping the negotiation moving forward. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 17000. The significant improvements in model performance and the longevity of the data make this a valuable asset, justifying a price that reflects its true worth while remaining competitive.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 16500. The significant improvements in model performance and the longevity of the data warrant a competitive yet strategic price that reflects its increasing value while allowing room for negotiation.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 16800. This price reflects the significant improvements in model performance and longevity of the data product, while remaining competitive and reasonable based on previous offers. Let's find common ground that values both the quality and the strategic importance of this data.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 16600. This price reflects a balanced approach, taking into account the significant improvements in model performance and the longevity of the data product while still remaining competitive in light of previous offers. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 16700. Given the strong emphasis on model performance improvement and the longevity of the data, I believe this price reflects a fair value while still allowing for negotiation. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 16750. Given the strong emphasis on model performance improvement and the longevity of the data, this price reflects a competitive and reasonable valuation, while still keeping the door open for further negotiation. Let's find a beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 16750. This price reflects the strong demand for the data product, given the significant improvements in model performance and data longevity that both analysts have recognized. It balances the competitive offers we've seen and positions us for a mutually beneficial agreement moving forward.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 16780. This price reflects my recognition of the strong value in the data product due to its significant improvements in model performance and longevity. It is a fair step up that acknowledges the competitive landscape and positions us for a favorable deal moving forward.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 16790. I believe this price reflects the strong demand for the data product and the significant improvements in model performance and longevity that we¡¯ve discussed. It's a competitive offer and positions us well for a mutually beneficial deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 16800. I believe this price reflects the strong demand for the data product and acknowledges the significant improvements in model performance and longevity we've discussed. This offer positions us well for a mutually beneficial deal while remaining competitive.