Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which could be appealing to users looking to improve their models. However, the lack of additional information on data entropy, data life, history, and market limits the confidence in the valuation. The price reflects a reasonable investment for a product with some potential, but the uncertainty surrounding other traits reduces its perceived value.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can attract users looking for improvements in their data products. The medium data entropy and medium data life suggest a relatively stable and reliable data source. The market score of 0.4 indicates some demand; however, the lack of historical data limits the confidence in long-term performance. Overall, the product has potential value, but the uncertainties in the traits lead to a moderate price estimation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 8500. This price reflects the potential value of the data product, considering its moderate enhancement in performance and stable reliability. I believe this is a fair starting point for the negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. The offered price of 8500 significantly exceeds my valuation based on the moderate enhancement in performance and the uncertainty surrounding other traits. I believe 1000 is a more reasonable starting point for negotiation and reflects my concerns about the product's overall value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 8000. This price reflects the exceptional value and reliability of the product while also considering the buyer's concerns about performance. I believe this is a fair compromise that highlights the quality of the offering while being more approachable for the buyer.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 7900. I believe this price still reflects the value of the product while acknowledging the seller's lower offer. It presents a reasonable step forward in our negotiation, maintaining the quality aspect of the deal while being more acceptable for me.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 7900. I believe this is a fair and competitive price that reflects the product's exceptional value and reliability while also addressing the buyer's concerns. I'm confident this can lead us closer to a successful agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 7800. I believe this price is more aligned with my valuation and still acknowledges the product's quality while allowing us to reach a mutually beneficial agreement. Let's continue to work towards a deal that satisfies both parties.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 7800. This price reflects the exceptional quality and reliability of the product while considering the buyer's previous offer. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the value of the product and the buyer's perspective.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 7700. I believe this price still reflects the quality of the product while allowing us to move closer to an agreement that benefits both parties. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges the value without exceeding my budget.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 7750. This price reflects the continued quality and reliability of the product while being open to negotiation, allowing us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 7650. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the product's quality while still aligning with my budget. Let's find common ground that values both the product and our negotiation efforts.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 7700. This price reflects the quality and reliability of the product while recognizing the buyer's budget constraints. It stands as a fair compromise that still values the exceptional attributes of what I'm offering.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 7600. I believe this price strikes a balance between valuing the quality and reliability of the product while also being mindful of my budget constraints. It's a reasonable step toward an agreement that benefits us both.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 7650. I believe this price reflects the product's quality and reliability while remaining competitive for the buyer's budget. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the previous offers while still valuing the exceptional benefits of this product.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 7550. This price reflects my continued interest in reaching a deal while still being mindful of my budget constraints. I believe it strikes a fair balance between the product's value and what I'm willing to invest at this stage in our negotiations.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 7600. This price reflects the product's outstanding quality and reliability while considering the buyer's budget. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of what I'm offering.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 7500. I believe this is a reasonable offer that acknowledges the quality of the product while still reflecting my budget constraints. It's a step closer to a fair compromise that respects the value being provided.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 7550. This price reflects the product's high quality and reliability while also considering the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's budget constraints. Let's move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 7400. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the ongoing negotiations while still respecting the quality of the product. I'm looking to make progress towards a beneficial agreement for both parties.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 7500. This price reflects the product's exceptional quality and reliability while aligning closely with your last offer of 7400, making it a fair compromise for both parties.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 7400. I believe this price accurately reflects the value I see in the product while remaining within my budget. Given the seller's last offer of 7500, my offer is a reasonable adjustment that acknowledges the quality of the product while still being a fair compromise.