Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has low data entropy, which suggests that it is likely to provide consistent and reliable results. While some traits are NULL, the capacity is sufficient, and the market rating of 0.4 indicates a moderate level of demand. This suggests that there is potential value, albeit limited by the uncertainties in the other traits.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which is appealing. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle the necessary data requirements, while low data entropy implies that the data is of high quality and relevance. However, the short data life raises concerns about the longevity and ongoing value of the product in the market. The market score of 0.4 indicates a relatively low demand, which also affects the pricing. Therefore, considering these factors, a price of 2500 is reasonable for a product with these traits.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2605.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 3000. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, along with the high-quality data suggested by low data entropy. While there are concerns about the short data life and relatively low market demand, I believe the value of this data product justifies a higher initial offer.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2500. While I acknowledge the seller's points regarding data quality and performance improvement, the concerns about short data life and low market demand weigh heavily on my valuation. Therefore, a price adjustment is necessary to reflect the risks involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2700.0. This price reflects the value of the data product while also considering the potential risks associated with its short data life and the current market demand. Let's move closer to a deal that acknowledges the quality and performance improvements the buyer mentioned.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2600. This price strikes a balance between recognizing the seller's considerations of data quality and performance improvements, while also reflecting my concerns regarding the short data life and current market demand. Let's work together to finalize a deal that benefits us both.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2650. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the quality of the data and the market demand concerns we¡¯ve discussed. It¡¯s a reasonable compromise that acknowledges both the potential for performance improvements and the risks we face.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2600. I believe this price is a fair reflection of our ongoing discussions, balancing the quality of the data with the concerns about market demand and data lifespan. It allows for a reasonable compromise while still recognizing the risks involved.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2625. This price reflects a balanced approach, taking into consideration the ongoing discussions about data quality and market demand while still addressing the risks associated with data life. I believe this is a fair compromise that aligns with both parties' interests.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2600. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the seller's balanced approach while still addressing my concerns about data quality and market risks. It represents a fair compromise that takes into account the ongoing discussions we've had so far. Let's continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2610. This price reflects the ongoing discussions while considering the balance between data quality and market demand, ensuring we both find a fair compromise.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2600. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the value of the data product and the ongoing discussions regarding its quality and market demand. It addresses the concerns we've been discussing while still being a reasonable compromise.