Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which could be appealing in a competitive market. The market trait of 0.4 suggests there is demand for this type of product, though it is not overwhelming. The data life being medium indicates that the product has a decent lifespan, but the absence of data entropy and history traits introduces some uncertainty. Overall, the product has potential value, but the NULL traits reduce confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be attractive in markets where efficiency is key. The medium data entropy and life suggest a balanced level of complexity and reliability. However, the market score of 0.4 indicates a limited demand, and the absence of historical data (NULL) raises concerns about the product\'s track record. Despite these drawbacks, the capacity being "enough" suggests it can handle the current data needs effectively, which adds some value. Overall, the product has potential but is hampered by limited market demand and lack of historical credibility.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1175.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 8000. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance and the balanced complexity and reliability of the product, despite some concerns regarding market demand and historical data. I believe this price captures the value effectively while allowing room for negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. The seller's price of 8000 is far above my valuation based on the product's moderate performance improvement and uncertainties regarding market demand and historical data. My offer reflects a more realistic assessment of the product's potential value in the current market context.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1500. I believe this reflects a fair valuation of the product given its benefits and market positioning, while still being reasonable in light of the buyer's previous offer. Let's move forward with this in mind.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1400. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the value of the product and being within a reasonable range compared to your last offer. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1450. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between our previous offers and acknowledges the product's value while remaining competitive in the current market landscape.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1350. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between our previous negotiations while still reflecting a fair assessment of the product's value. It allows us to move forward without losing sight of our budgetary constraints.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1400. I believe this price is a fair compromise that reflects the product's value while still being reasonable for both parties to consider as we negotiate.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1300. I believe this reflects a reasonable step down while still valuing the product appropriately, considering our previous negotiations and the need to reach an agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1350. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering our previous negotiations and maintains the product's value while also being mindful of budget constraints.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1250. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's perspective and my budget constraints, while also recognizing the value of the product in our ongoing negotiations.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1300. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation of the product while considering the buyer's previous offers and the ongoing negotiations. I'm aiming for a reasonable agreement that acknowledges both the product's value and the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1200. I believe this price is a fair compromise that reflects my previous offers while still acknowledging the seller's valuation of the product. It allows us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement while considering both the product's value and my budget constraints.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1250. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise given the previous negotiations and acknowledges the buyer's budget constraints while maintaining the value of the product.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1150. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between the acknowledged value of the product and my budget constraints, while still allowing for a constructive negotiation towards a fair deal.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1200. I believe this price reflects a fair value for the product while also considering the buyer's budget constraints. It's a balanced approach that allows us to move forward positively in our negotiations.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1150. I believe this price strikes a solid balance, reflecting the product's value while still being mindful of my budget constraints. I'm confident this offer can help us reach an agreement.