Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity and a medium data life, which suggests it can be useful for a reasonable period. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement, data entropy, history, and market limits the confidence in its potential value. The expected price reflects a moderate valuation considering the uncertainty due to the NULL traits.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a decent Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which indicates it has potential for enhancing performance. The capacity is described as "enough," suggesting it can handle a reasonable amount of data. Although the data entropy and data life are both medium, these traits imply a balance of complexity and usability. The market accessibility score of 0.5 indicates a moderate demand, which supports a pricing strategy above the average for data products. However, the lack of a historical performance record limits confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': '70'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 17000. This price reflects the potential of the data product, with a Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 and a balanced capacity that suggests its capability to enhance performance significantly. The moderate market accessibility score also indicates a demand that supports this valuation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. The seller's price is excessively high considering the uncertainties around the data product's performance and the lack of detailed historical information. My offer reflects a more cautious valuation that takes into account the moderate data life and potential limitations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 6000. I believe this price reflects a more balanced perspective on the data product's value, considering both its potential and the current uncertainties. This is a fair adjustment that acknowledges the buyer's interest while still ensuring I receive a reasonable return.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5900. This price reflects my understanding of the product's potential value while also taking into account the seller's concerns. I believe it strikes a reasonable balance that aligns our interests, showing I'm serious about making a deal while still being cautious.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 6000. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's potential and the uncertainties we both recognize, while also being a reasonable step towards reaching an agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5800. I believe this price demonstrates my willingness to reach an agreement while acknowledging the seller's concerns about uncertainties. It reflects a reasonable compromise between our positions, and I am confident it aligns better with the product's potential value.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5900. This price reflects a reasonable balance between the product's potential and the uncertainties we've discussed, recognizing the buyer's view while maintaining a fair stance on my end.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5800. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while reflecting my continued assessment of the product's value amidst the uncertainties we've discussed. I believe this offer represents a fair compromise that keeps us moving towards a potential agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5900. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between recognizing the potential of the product and acknowledging the ongoing uncertainties. Let's move forward and reach an agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5800. This price reflects my continued commitment to finding a fair agreement while recognizing the seller's concerns and the current market conditions. Let's work towards a resolution that acknowledges both the potential of the product and the uncertainties we face.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5800. Given the ongoing negotiations and the consistent offers from both sides, I believe this price represents a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's potential while recognizing the uncertainties we both face. Let's move towards a resolution.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise while still acknowledging the uncertainties we face in this deal. It allows us to move forward towards a resolution that benefits both parties.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5700. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the ongoing discussions and the need to find a resolution that satisfies both parties amid the current uncertainties.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5600. I believe this price is a reasonable step towards closing the gap between our positions while recognizing the uncertainties involved. It reflects my commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement as we continue our discussions.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5700. I believe this price reflects a fair middle ground, considering the ongoing discussions and the need to recognize both the potential of the product and the current market uncertainties. Let's move towards a resolution.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5500. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance, demonstrating my willingness to engage constructively while still reflecting the uncertainties we've discussed. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5600. This price reflects my willingness to find a middle ground while acknowledging the continuous negotiations and the need for a fair resolution. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5500. This price reflects my continued commitment to reaching an amicable resolution while recognizing the seller's recent offer. It represents a slight concession on my part, aiming for a balance that acknowledges both the potential of the product and the seller's concerns. Let's finalize this deal.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects a reasonable compromise considering our ongoing negotiations and the desire to reach an amicable agreement.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between our previous negotiations and demonstrates my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement. Let's finalize this deal.