Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': 'The product has low data entropy, indicating that the data is structured and may lead to reliable insights, but the short data life reduces its long-term value. The lack of information on model performance and market demand limits confidence in the valuation, but the existing traits suggest some utility.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The product demonstrates a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 and has a low data entropy, indicating that the data is relatively stable and reliable. However, the short data life suggests that it may not be a long-term investment. The market rating of 0.4 indicates a reasonable level of demand, which adds to the product's value. Overall, while there are some limitations, the positive traits suggest a solid, if not exceptional, offering.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1725.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the stable, reliable nature of the data, which suggests solid value despite the short data life. The reasonable market demand adds to its appeal, making this an attractive offer for you.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. The data, while having some reliable attributes, has a short data life and limited long-term utility, which makes me cautious about the value. My offer reflects my need for a more competitive price given these factors.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. The data has moderate performance and stable nature, which justifies a higher price, while still addressing concerns about its short life and limited long-term utility. This price reflects a fair compromise between our positions.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1700. The seller's price of 1750 is close to my previous offer, and I believe that my price reflects a fair assessment of the data's value, considering its moderate performance and the concerns about its limited long-term utility. This offer aims to find a balanced compromise and facilitate a successful deal.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1725. I believe this price strikes a balance between the buyer's concerns about the data's moderate performance and my need to account for its value, while still allowing room for negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the data's value, taking into account its moderate performance and the seller's need to accommodate potential concerns about its longevity.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1750. The data has moderate performance and short life, but I believe this price reflects its current value well while also addressing your concerns about its long-term utility.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price more accurately reflects the moderate performance and limited long-term utility of the data, while still being a fair counter to the seller's recent offer.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1725. This price reflects a balanced assessment of the data's moderate performance and acknowledges the buyer's concerns about its limited long-term utility. I believe it represents a fair compromise that recognizes the value of the data while remaining competitive.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price reflects my ongoing assessment of the data's moderate performance and acknowledges the limited long-term utility that has been a consistent point of concern. It aims to strike a fair balance while remaining competitive in our negotiations.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the data's moderate performance while acknowledging its limited long-term utility. I believe it's a fair compromise that balances both parties' concerns.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price is a fair assessment of the data's value considering its moderate performance and limited long-term utility. It reflects my understanding of the market and aims for a beneficial resolution for both parties.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price represents a fair balance between the data's moderate performance and its limited long-term utility, aiming for a resolution that acknowledges the value while addressing the buyer's concerns.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price accurately reflects the data's moderate performance and its limited long-term utility while still striving for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the moderate performance of the data and its limited long-term utility, while also acknowledging the buyer's perspective. Let's move forward with this agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price accurately reflects the moderate performance of the data and its limited long-term utility, aligning with the seller's concerns while still being a fair offer. Let's work together to finalize this deal.