Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': "The product has adequate capacity and medium data entropy, which suggests it can handle a reasonable amount of complexity and variability in data. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement, data life, and history creates uncertainty. The market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand, suggesting that while there is some interest, it's not exceptionally high. Therefore, the price reflects a cautious valuation considering these factors.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which is appealing in data-driven industries. The capacity is sufficient, allowing for scalability. The medium data entropy and life suggest that the data is relatively stable and useful over time. The market score of 0.5 indicates a fair demand, though not overly saturated. Overall, these factors contribute to a reasonable valuation in the current market.', 'confidence': 'high'}
Deal Price:5702.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the substantial value of the data product, given its moderate performance improvement, adequate capacity for scalability, and stable utility over time. The demand in the market is fair, and I believe this pricing aligns with its overall market potential.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2500. The seller's price is significantly higher than my valuation, which reflects the moderate demand and uncertainties regarding the product's performance and history. I believe my offer is more aligned with the market conditions and the cautious valuation I have established.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. I believe this price reflects the product's value while still considering the moderate demand and uncertainties that were previously mentioned. This is a fair compromise that acknowledges the potential without overextending.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price is a reasonable reflection of the product's potential while still respecting the seller's perspective on moderate demand and uncertainties. This offer demonstrates my willingness to negotiate and find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 6000. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the moderate demand and potential value of the product, while also allowing for a more attractive offer to foster progress in our negotiations.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5900. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between the value of the product and the market dynamics we've been discussing. It demonstrates my willingness to negotiate while still recognizing the product's potential worth. Let's move forward with this constructive dialogue.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5800. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the buyer's interest while still considering the moderate demand and uncertainties regarding the product's performance. Let's move towards a resolution that respects both our positions.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price is a sensible step closer to a resolution, reflecting the ongoing negotiations and the various factors at play regarding the product's performance and demand. Let's work together to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5750. I believe this price strikes a balance between the buyer's previous offer of 5700 and my last price of 5800, reflecting a reasonable compromise while acknowledging the ongoing negotiation dynamics.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that recognizes the seller's last offer while still respecting my budget constraints. It reflects my continued interest in reaching an agreement and acknowledges the negotiation dynamics we've established in previous rounds.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5725. This price reflects a slight increase from the last round, demonstrating my willingness to negotiate while still valuing the product appropriately. I'm confident this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' interests.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price is a reasonable step forward that aligns with my previous offers while still recognizing the seller's recent increase. I'm confident this reflects my commitment to a fair negotiation and my interest in reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5705. This price reflects a slight increase while still acknowledging the buyer's interest and previous offers, aiming for a fair and mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price is fair and reasonable, considering the ongoing negotiations and my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.