Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and medium data entropy and data life, which indicates it can handle a reasonable amount of data and maintain relevance over time. However, the absence of information on model performance improvement and market conditions limits its perceived value. The price reflects a moderate valuation given the available traits.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a reasonable enhancement in performance, which can attract interest in the market. The capacity being described as "enough" suggests that the product can handle the necessary load, and a medium data entropy and life suggest that it can provide solid value over time. However, the "NULL" in the history trait indicates a lack of historical performance data, which could affect buyer confidence. The market score of 0.5 shows moderate demand, which supports a decent pricing strategy.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1727.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the solid potential of the data product, highlighted by its Model Performance Improvement and sufficient capacity to meet user demands. The moderate market interest further supports this valuation, and I believe it represents a compelling opportunity for the buyer.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. The offered price of 1800 seems high considering the limitations in model performance improvement and market conditions. While the product has potential, my valuation reflects a more cautious approach given the available data traits.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. Given the strong potential and market interest in the data product, this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the buyer's concerns while still reflecting the value I believe the product holds.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price still reflects my concerns about model performance and the current market conditions while remaining a strong offer given the seller's previous pricing.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1725. I believe this price reflects the strong potential and market interest in the data product while also being a reasonable compromise given the buyer's concerns. Let's move forward.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price aligns with my previous concerns about model performance and market conditions while remaining a competitive offer in light of the seller's last proposal. Let's find a way to move forward.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects the strong potential and market interest in the data product while also considering the buyer's concerns. This amount balances value and performance expectations, making it a fair deal for both parties.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price takes into account my concerns regarding model performance and market conditions while still being a competitive offer. I'm confident this reflects a fair valuation for the data product at this stage in our negotiations.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the strong market interest and the high value of the data product, while also considering the buyer's consistent concerns. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the product's worth and the buyer's reservations.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1720. This price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's perspective on market value while still being mindful of my concerns regarding model performance and market conditions. I believe this is a reasonable compromise that reflects my intent to move forward in the negotiations.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1730. The product's value remains high due to strong market demand, and I'm willing to negotiate closer to your recent offer while still recognizing the quality and potential of this data product.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1725. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's recognition of the product's quality while still reflecting my ongoing concerns about model performance. It¡¯s a fair compromise given the previous discussions and keeps us in a reasonable range for negotiation.