Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has medium data entropy and medium data life, which indicates a decent level of quality and longevity, although the lack of specific historical data and model performance improvement limits its appeal. The market score of 0.5 suggests a moderate demand, which aligns with a mid-range pricing strategy.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be valuable to users. The capacity being "enough" suggests that it can handle typical workloads effectively. The medium data entropy and medium data life imply a reasonable quality and longevity of the data. However, the history being \'NULL\' raises some concerns about the track record of the product. The market score of 0.5 indicates a moderate demand, which adds to the overall value. Balancing these factors, the expected price reflects a fair valuation based on the product\'s capabilities and market conditions.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1670.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, alongside the sufficient capacity for typical workloads. Given the reasonable quality and longevity of the data, along with the current market demand, I believe this valuation is justified.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The seller's offer of 1800, while reflecting some enhancements, still feels higher than the value I see in the data product given its medium quality and longevity. I believe 1600 is a fair price that aligns better with my assessment of the data's worth and the current market demand.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700.0. This price reflects the medium quality of the data while taking into account the moderate performance improvement mentioned by the buyer. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' perspectives.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price reflects my acknowledgement of the seller's perspective on the medium quality of data, while still recognizing the moderate performance improvement that justifies a higher value than their last offer. I believe this is a fair middle ground that benefits both parties.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1680. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the data's medium quality and aligns well with the market demand, while also considering your perspective on performance improvement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1660. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the medium quality of the data while reflecting my perspective on its performance improvement potential. It¡¯s a fair step towards reaching an agreement, taking into account the seller's recent offer.