Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1000', 'reason': "The market value of 0.3 indicates low demand or interest, and the presence of multiple NULL traits suggests insufficient information to assess the product's value accurately. This leads to a cautious valuation.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) score of 0.2 indicates a reasonable enhancement in model performance, which is attractive to potential buyers. The data capacity is sufficient, and the long data life suggests durability and continued relevance of the product. However, the medium data entropy can be a slight concern, as it indicates some level of unpredictability in the data. The market demand at 0.3 shows there is interest but not overwhelming demand, which tempers the potential price. Overall, these factors combined suggest a fair valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:775.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the strong Model Performance Improvement score of 0.2 and the durability indicated by the long data life, making it a valuable asset in the current market. The data's capacity is sufficient to meet potential buyers' needs, adding to its appeal.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 900. Given the market value of 0.3 indicating low demand and the unclear value derived from multiple NULL traits, I believe this is a more reasonable starting point.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1000. Given the low demand and the unclear value of the product, I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the market conditions and the inherent qualities of the data product.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 900. I believe this price reflects a reasonable assessment of the current market conditions and the uncertainties surrounding the product's value. Given the seller's concerns about low demand, I think my offer remains competitive and reasonable.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 950. Given the current market conditions, this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while still acknowledging the low demand we've experienced. It allows us to move closer to a resolution without undervaluing the product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 900. This price aligns with my previous assessment and reflects the current market conditions while also considering the seller's position on low demand. It keeps the dialogue open for further negotiation while valuing the product appropriately.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 900. Given the ongoing low demand and the lack of clarity around the product's value, this price reflects a realistic assessment of the current market conditions. I believe this is a fair starting point for our negotiation.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 800. This price is a strategic move to acknowledge the seller's concerns about low demand while still offering a reasonable bid that reflects my confidence in the product's potential value. I believe this is a constructive way to keep our negotiations moving forward.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 850. This price reflects my understanding of the current market conditions and the ongoing dialogue while still maintaining confidence in the potential value of the product.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 800. This price reflects my continued assessment of the current market conditions and the ongoing dialogue we¡¯ve had, while still aiming for a fair exchange that recognizes the product's potential value amidst the prevailing uncertainties.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 800. Given the ongoing low demand and the previous offers, this price reflects a balance between market conditions and the product's potential value. I believe it's a fair starting point for further negotiations.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 750. I believe this price reflects a more competitive stance considering the ongoing low demand and the need to find a mutually beneficial agreement. I'm confident that this offer maintains the balance between value and market realities, while also moving us closer to a deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 800. I believe this price reflects the current market conditions while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about low demand. It provides a fair opportunity for both parties to move forward in this negotiation.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 750. I believe this price aligns with the ongoing low demand and reflects my commitment to finding a reasonable compromise. This offer acknowledges the seller's perspective while still considering the current market realities.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 800. Given the consistent offers and the prevailing market conditions, this price reflects a balance between acknowledging the buyer's concerns and valuing the product's potential.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 750. I believe this price reflects the ongoing market conditions and the need for a more competitive offer while still valuing the product's potential. Let's find a fair middle ground.