Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has a long data life and sufficient capacity, which are valuable traits in the data market. However, the NULL traits suggest some uncertainty regarding its overall performance and historical context. The market size rating of 0.3 indicates limited demand, which also affects the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a decent enhancement in performance, which can be appealing in a competitive market. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle a reasonable amount of data. Additionally, a medium data entropy implies that the data is somewhat complex but manageable, and a long data life increases the product\'s longevity and utility. However, the market score of 0.3 suggests limited demand, which tempers the overall valuation. Given these factors, a price of 1500 reflects a balance between its capabilities and market conditions.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1475.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the considerable value of the data product, given its decent performance enhancement and reasonable capacity. The long data life adds to its appeal, making it a strong contender in the market despite current demand conditions.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. The data product has valuable traits like long data life and sufficient capacity, but the NULL traits and a market size rating of 0.3 suggest there are uncertainties and limited demand. Thus, my offer reflects a more cautious approach considering these factors.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1500. This price reflects a balance between the buyer's strong market appeal argument and the seller's concerns about uncertainties and limited demand. It positions the deal favorably while still recognizing the potential value of the product.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1450. This price acknowledges the seller's concerns while still reflecting the strong market appeal of the product. It's a reasonable compromise that keeps the negotiation moving forward without straying too far from the seller's expectations.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1480. This price reflects my understanding of the market appeal and concerns surrounding the data product, balancing both value and risk.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1470. This price reflects my assessment of the product's potential while acknowledging the seller's concerns and the need for a fair compromise.