Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a long data life and sufficient capacity, which suggests it can be used effectively over time. The medium data entropy indicates that the data is reasonably structured, allowing for useful insights, even though the model performance improvement and market information are not available. This could limit its premium value, but it still holds a decent potential in a suitable market.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating it can enhance existing systems to some extent. The capacity is sufficient, and the data life is long, suggesting that the product can provide ongoing value. However, the medium data entropy and the lack of historical data may hinder its marketability. The market score of 0.3 suggests limited demand but potential for growth. Overall, these factors contribute to a moderate pricing strategy.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:5125.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the product's moderate Model Performance Improvement and ongoing value due to its long data life. While there are some limitations, I believe this price captures the potential for growth in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4500. The product has a decent potential but also comes with limitations, particularly due to the lack of model performance improvement and market information. My offer reflects a fair valuation considering these factors and the competitive landscape.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5200. This price reflects the product's robust potential, balancing the moderate performance improvements and its long data life. I believe it's a fair compromise that acknowledges both the strengths and limitations we've discussed.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5100. This price reflects my recognition of the product's potential while still accounting for the performance limitations we've discussed. I believe this is a reasonable offer that moves us closer to an agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5300. I believe this price reflects the product's solid potential while acknowledging the performance limitations. It¡¯s a reasonable compromise that recognizes the value without overestimating its capabilities.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5200. I appreciate the seller's perspective, but I believe my offer acknowledges both the product's potential and its performance limitations more accurately. This price reflects a fair compromise while remaining within my budget.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5250. This price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the product's decent potential while still considering its performance limitations. I'm confident this will appeal to both our interests.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5200. I believe this price reflects a reasonable acknowledgment of the product's potential while still considering the performance limitations that have been discussed. It keeps us moving towards a fair deal that respects both our interests.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5200. This price reflects a balanced acknowledgment of the product's potential while considering its limitations. I believe this is a fair position for both parties as we move forward in negotiations.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5100. This price acknowledges the seller's offer while still reflecting my belief in the product's potential and the need to remain within a reasonable budget. It represents a fair compromise that recognizes both the product's strengths and its limitations as we continue our negotiations.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5150. I believe this price reflects a balanced acknowledgment of the product's potential while also accommodating the buyer's budget considerations. It's a reasonable compromise that recognizes the current market dynamics and the product's moderate performance.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5100. I believe this price continues to reflect a fair balance between acknowledging the product's potential and the budget constraints we both face. It's a reasonable offer that recognizes the need for compromise while valuing the product appropriately.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5150. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's potential and the buyer's budget limitations while acknowledging the ongoing negotiations. Let's find common ground that respects both sides.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5100. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance, reflecting both the product's potential and my budgetary constraints. Let's continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5150. I believe this price strikes a fair balance considering the product's potential and the buyer's budget constraints, reflecting its value while acknowledging the limitations we've discussed.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5100. I believe this price maintains a reasonable balance between recognizing the product's potential and respecting my budget constraints. It's a fair offer that acknowledges the ongoing negotiations and the value of the product.