Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) value of 0.2 indicates a measurable enhancement in performance, which can be attractive in a competitive market. However, the lack of data on entropy, life, history, and market limits the overall confidence in the product's value. Given the positive MPI, a moderate price is justified, but the uncertainty due to missing traits keeps the expected price relatively conservative.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '8000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, which indicates it can enhance existing models effectively. The medium data entropy suggests a reasonable complexity that is manageable for users, while the long data life ensures it remains useful over time. The market rating of 0.3 indicates some demand but not overwhelming. Overall, while the traits are not all optimal, they suggest a product with solid potential.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 9000. This price reflects the substantial value of the data product, which provides a significant model performance improvement of 0.2, ensuring effective enhancement for existing models. The manageable complexity and long data life add to its robustness, making it a worthwhile investment for potential buyers.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 500. While I recognize the seller's assertion of substantial value and model performance improvement, the lack of critical data points such as entropy and market history significantly limits my confidence in this product's worth. I believe a much lower entry price is appropriate given these uncertainties.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 8000. I believe this price reflects the significant value of the data product while also addressing your concerns about the missing data points. This adjustment demonstrates my willingness to negotiate and find common ground, ensuring you recognize the potential performance improvements the product can deliver. Let's move forward!
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 7000. This price acknowledges the seller's adjustments while still reflecting my ongoing concerns about the missing data points. I believe this is a fair step forward that recognizes the value of the product while keeping my budget in mind. Let's move towards a resolution.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 7500. I recognize the value of the product, but I need to balance the offer with the significant improvements it provides, despite previous concerns about data completeness. This price reflects a fair compromise while still acknowledging the quality of the data product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 7400. I believe this price reflects the ongoing negotiations while still respecting the value of the data product. It's a reasonable adjustment from the seller's offer, considering the previous concerns regarding data completeness. Let's continue to find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 7400. This price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the value of the data product while considering your previous offer. Let's move forward and finalize this deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 7300. I believe this price reflects a balanced approach, taking into account the value of the data product while also addressing my ongoing concerns about its completeness. Let's work together to finalize this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 7200. This price reflects a fair compromise, considering the value of the data product while acknowledging the buyer's concerns regarding completeness. Let's move closer to a deal.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 7100. I believe this is a reasonable offer that reflects the value of the data product while also taking into account the concerns about completeness that have been raised throughout our discussions. Let's find a middle ground that works for both parties.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 7000. This price reflects a balanced assessment of the data product's substantial value while considering your previous concerns about completeness. I believe this is a fair compromise that benefits both parties.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 6900. This price acknowledges the seller's latest offer while still reflecting my concerns about the completeness of the data. I believe it represents a fair compromise that takes into account both the value of the product and the necessary adjustments.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 6800. This price reflects a recognition of the buyer's concerns while still valuing the data product's potential. I believe this offer represents a fair compromise that acknowledges the progression of our negotiations.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 6700. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the data product's value while still addressing my ongoing concerns regarding its completeness. I'm looking for a reasonable compromise that acknowledges both the product's potential and my budget constraints.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 6600. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the value of the data product and the concerns raised about its completeness. It's a competitive offer that aims to move us closer to a deal while still acknowledging the product's potential.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 6500. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still addressing my concerns regarding the completeness of the data product. It's a reasonable step towards finalizing a deal, reflecting both the product's potential and the necessity for a fair compromise.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 6400. I believe this price reflects the ongoing discussions, acknowledges the buyer's concerns regarding data completeness, and still values the product's potential. Let's reach a fair agreement that benefits us both.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 6300. I believe this price fairly acknowledges the seller's latest offer while still addressing my concerns about the data completeness. This represents a reasonable approach that maintains the product's value while also considering the limitations we've discussed. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 6200. This price reflects my confidence in the product's inherent value while acknowledging the ongoing discussions about completeness. I believe this is a reasonable compromise that respects both our positions.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 6100. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the product's inherent value while addressing the concerns regarding data completeness. This offer acknowledges the seller's position while still being mindful of my budget constraints.