Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The model performance improvement of 0.2 indicates a decent enhancement in performance, which could be valuable to users looking for better results. However, the market score of 0.3 suggests limited demand or competition in the marketplace. The presence of NULL traits indicates that important information about data entropy, life, and history is missing, which affects overall confidence in the product's value. Despite these limitations, the product still has enough capacity and a positive MPI to warrant a moderate price.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating a moderate enhancement in performance, which can attract users. The capacity being "enough" suggests that it can handle the necessary data requirements. However, the medium data entropy implies some complexity in data usage, which could limit its appeal to certain markets. The long data life is advantageous as it indicates longevity and ongoing relevance. The market score of 0.3 suggests a lower demand but still presents an opportunity for niche applications. Overall, the product has some attractive features but is somewhat tempered by the market potential and medium data entropy.', 'confidence': 'moderate'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance and the longevity of the product, making it an appealing option for potential users despite the medium data entropy and lower market demand.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. Given the moderate enhancement in performance, I believe a price point closer to 4000 reflects a fair valuation considering the limited market demand and the missing information regarding data entropy and history. This allows for a reasonable starting point in our negotiations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects a more balanced consideration of both the product's capabilities and the current market demand, while also acknowledging the buyer's previous offer. I'm confident this is a fair starting point for further negotiation.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5900. This price demonstrates my willingness to engage further while remaining mindful of both the product's value and the current market landscape. I believe this offer is a fair compromise that acknowledges your recent proposal while still aligning with my budget constraints.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 6000. The last round showed a willingness to negotiate closer to this price, and I believe it reflects a fair valuation given the product's performance and the current market conditions. Let's move forward with this reasonable offer.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5800. I believe this price is a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's position while also reflecting my budget considerations. Let's find a middle ground to move forward effectively.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5900. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the buyer's position while still aligning with the value of the product in the current market. I believe it offers a fair compromise that could facilitate a successful transaction.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5700. This price reflects my willingness to negotiate while still valuing the product appropriately in the current market context. I believe this offer can lead us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5800. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the previous negotiations and the buyer's willingness to engage. It's a reasonable valuation that acknowledges both the product's potential and current market dynamics.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the previous negotiations and acknowledges the seller's latest offer. It demonstrates my willingness to find common ground while still valuing the product appropriately.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5700. This price reflects a reasonable compromise, considering the buyer's last offer and previous rounds of negotiation. It acknowledges the buyer's perspective while still valuing the product adequately.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5600. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the product's value based on our ongoing negotiations and the current market conditions. This offer allows us to inch closer to an agreement while still being mindful of budget constraints.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5700. This price reflects my continued willingness to negotiate while recognizing the buyer's previous offer of 5600. It represents a fair compromise considering the product's value and market demand.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5600. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's willingness to negotiate while still valuing the product appropriately within my budget constraints. It represents a fair step towards closing the deal while acknowledging the current market dynamics.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5700. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering our previous discussions and the current market valuation. Let's move forward and reach an agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5600. This price demonstrates my continued commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement, while still reflecting the value I'm willing to invest in this product. Let's work together to finalize this deal.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5700. This price reflects a fair compromise based on our previous discussions and acknowledges the product's value while remaining within reasonable limits for negotiation. Let's work towards closing this deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5600. This price maintains a fair valuation based on our previous negotiations while allowing some flexibility for both parties to reach an agreement. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5700. This price reflects a strong compromise based on our negotiations thus far and recognizes both the value of the product and the buyer's position. Let's finalize this deal.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5600. This price reflects my continued commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement while considering the product's value and my budget constraints. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.