Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be appealing to users looking for improvements. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle a reasonable amount of data. However, the NULL values for Data Entropy and History raise some concerns about the completeness and reliability of the data, which could affect the overall value. The market rating of 0.3 indicates some demand but is not particularly high. Taking these factors into account, a price of 2500 reflects a cautious valuation considering the moderate performance and market interest but tempered by the uncertainties from NULL traits.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model shows a moderate performance improvement (MPI of 0.2) which indicates a potential for enhancing outcomes, coupled with sufficient capacity and a long data life which are both positive traits. However, the medium data entropy suggests there may be some complexity or variability in the data that could impact usability. The market score of 0.3 indicates limited demand, which may affect pricing. Overall, while there are some positive aspects, the mixed signals from the traits suggest a modest valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1755.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the potential for enhancing outcomes indicated by the moderate performance improvement, as well as the data's sufficient capacity and long life, which add considerable value. While the medium data entropy introduces some complexity, I believe the overall positive traits warrant a higher starting price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. The moderate performance improvement and sufficient capacity are noted, but the concerns regarding data completeness and the market rating suggest a more cautious approach. Given these factors, I believe 1700 is a fair starting point for our negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. The data's potential value is significant, and while I have concerns about completeness, I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the market's current demand.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1725. The value of the data is significant, and while I understand the seller's concerns, I believe this price strikes a balance between the potential and the necessary considerations regarding completeness. Let's move closer to a fair agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price acknowledges the data's potential while still considering the concerns regarding its completeness and market ratings. This price aims for a fair negotiation that reflects the value of the data product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1725. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the data's potential value and addressing the concerns about completeness. It demonstrates my willingness to negotiate fairly while still valuing the data product appropriately.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1775. This price reflects my recognition of the data's potential value while still considering the concerns about its completeness and market ratings. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both sides.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1750. This price reflects my recognition of the data's significant potential value while still being mindful of the concerns regarding its completeness and market ratings. I believe this is a reasonable midpoint that acknowledges the value we both see in the data.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1760. I believe this price reflects a fair acknowledgment of the data's potential value while still addressing my concerns about completeness and market ratings. Let's find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1750. This price acknowledges the data's potential value while still considering the seller's concerns about completeness and market ratings. I believe it strikes a fair balance for both parties and moves us closer to a mutual agreement.