Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a significant enhancement in model performance, which is a key selling point for data products. Although there are several NULL traits, the presence of sufficient capacity and medium data entropy suggests that the product is usable and can cater to a reasonable market demand. However, the lack of information about data life, history, and market limits the confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.2 indicates a significant enhancement, which is valuable in data-driven decision-making. The capacity is sufficient, and the long data life suggests that the product can be utilized over an extended period, adding to its value. However, the medium data entropy and a market rating of 0.3 suggest that while there is potential, the product may not be in high demand. Overall, the combination leads to a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1590.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant enhancement in model performance and the long data life, making it a valuable asset for data-driven decision-making. While the medium data entropy and market rating suggest potential limitations, the overall value justifies a higher asking price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. The enhancement in model performance is noted, but given the uncertainties regarding data life and history, a more conservative price reflects the current market demand and potential limitations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700.0. This price reflects the exceptional quality and performance of the data, while also considering the buyer's concerns about data longevity. I believe it strikes a fair balance that acknowledges both the value of the product and the buyer's perspective.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price reflects my continued concern about the data's longevity and history, while still recognizing the seller's emphasis on quality and performance. I believe this is a reasonable compromise that addresses my reservations while valuing the product appropriately.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects the high quality and performance of the data while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns regarding data longevity. Let's move closer to an agreement that recognizes the value of this product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price strikes a fair balance between acknowledging the seller's emphasis on quality and performance while still reflecting my concerns about data longevity. I believe it presents a reasonable step towards mutual agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1640. The data product I am providing is of exceptional quality, with proven longevity and performance, making it a valuable asset. I believe this price reflects its true worth while still being reasonable for a buyer who recognizes its potential.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between recognizing the value of the exceptional quality and longevity of the data product while still being cautious about the uncertainties that have been brought up in previous discussions. This offer reflects my willingness to engage and find common ground as we move forward in this negotiation.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1620. This price reflects the exceptional quality and longevity of the data, while also considering the buyer's previous offers and concerns. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes both the value and the buyer's hesitations.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1580. This price reflects my continued recognition of the quality and value of the data while still addressing my concerns regarding its longevity and history. I believe this offer represents a reasonable compromise between both our positions.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1610. The data's exceptional quality and longevity justify this competitive price, while still considering the buyer's concerns about history and value.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1580. The data's quality and potential longevity are acknowledged, but I still have reservations about its historical context and overall value. This offer reflects a fair compromise while keeping my concerns in mind.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects the exceptional quality and longevity of the data product while aligning closely with your recent offer, making it a fair compromise.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1580. This price acknowledges the seller's emphasis on the quality and longevity of the data product while still reflecting my cautious approach regarding its historical context. I believe this is a fair offer that balances value and my concerns.