Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a decent enhancement in performance, which is valuable to potential users. The data capacity is sufficient, and the data life is long, suggesting longevity and reliability. However, the medium data entropy implies some level of complexity, and the absence of market and history information limits the ability to gauge demand fully. Given these factors, the price reflects a reasonable valuation for a product with decent potential but lacking market context.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': "The product demonstrates a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which suggests it can enhance existing systems' effectiveness. The capacity is adequate, indicating it can handle the required workload. The medium data entropy and long data life imply that the data is relatively stable and can provide valuable insights over time. However, the market score of 0.3 indicates limited demand, which may cap the potential price. Overall, these factors lead to a cautiously optimistic valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant potential of the data product, given its moderate Model Performance Improvement and the stability of the data over time. While I acknowledge the market score indicates limited demand, I believe the value provided by the data justifies this initial offer.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. Given the significant gap between our valuations, I believe that a more realistic price should be considered, especially factoring in the medium data entropy and the absence of market and historical information which limits the potential demand for this product. I'm looking for a fair deal that recognizes the product's potential while accounting for its current market context.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 17000. The data product has significant potential, and while I understand the current market limitations, I believe a price closer to my offer reflects its future value better. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges the product's capabilities.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 16500. The data product indeed has potential, but I believe my offer reflects a more realistic assessment of its current market value while still acknowledging its future capabilities. Let's work towards a fair agreement that benefits both sides.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 16550. I believe this price reflects a balanced approach, acknowledging the buyer's perspective on future value while still considering the product's current market limitations. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 16450. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, acknowledging the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my understanding of the product's potential and current market limitations. Let's continue to progress towards a deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 16500. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between recognizing the product's potential and the current market realities we've discussed. Let's move forward and find common ground.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 16400. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the seller's last offer and the ongoing discussions about the product's value and market conditions. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 16500. I believe this reflects a fair compromise, considering the ongoing discussions and the potential value of the data product in the market. Let's move forward and reach an agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 16400. I believe this is a reasonable offer that takes into account the seller's valuation while still reflecting the concerns I've raised about the market's current limitations. Let's find a way to bridge this gap and move forward.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 16550. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's potential value while acknowledging current market conditions. I'm confident this is a fair offer that moves us closer to a deal.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 16450. This price reflects my continued commitment to finding a fair resolution while acknowledging the seller's recent offer. I believe it represents a reasonable compromise that balances the product's potential with current market realities.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 16500. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the data product's potential and the current market limitations we've discussed in previous rounds. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 16400. This price reflects my understanding of the ongoing negotiations and acknowledges the seller's perspective while still aiming for a fair deal. I believe it respects both the product's potential and the current market realities we've discussed.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 16500. This price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the ongoing discussions and the current market landscape. I believe it captures the potential value of the data product while also acknowledging the limitations we've previously discussed.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 16400. This price reflects my understanding of the current market conditions and acknowledges the seller's perspective while still aiming for a fair deal. I believe this offer maintains the momentum of our negotiations while being reasonable given the previous discussions.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 16550. The ongoing negotiations have shown a consistent pattern of value assessment, and I believe this price reflects a balanced approach that recognizes both the potential of the product and the current market limitations.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 16450. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between recognizing the product's potential and addressing the market's current limitations, while also staying consistent with our previous negotiations.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 16500. This price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value considering our previous discussions and the ongoing market limitations. I believe this is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the potential of the data product while remaining realistic.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 16400. This price acknowledges the seller's reasonable assessment while reflecting my continued belief in the data product's potential. It strikes a balance that considers our previous discussions and the current market limitations.