Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'Although several traits are NULL, the product has enough capacity which indicates it can handle a reasonable amount of data. The absence of information about model performance, data entropy, data life, and market could limit its appeal, but there is still a potential for value in a scenario where the demand is moderate. Given the uncertainty, the price reflects a conservative estimate for a data product with limited information.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.2 suggests a moderate enhancement in performance that can be valuable for potential users. The capacity being "enough" indicates that it can handle expected workloads, while the long data life suggests durability and relevance over time. However, the medium data entropy may pose some challenges in terms of predictability and reliability. The market score of 0.4 indicates a moderate demand which can support a reasonable pricing strategy. Overall, while there are some limitations, the combination of traits still suggests a valuable product.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:5325.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the product's moderate performance improvement, durability, and potential value despite some limitations. I believe it is a fair starting point for this valuable data product.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4800. Given the limited information and uncertainties surrounding the product's performance and appeal, I believe this price is a reasonable starting point that reflects the potential value while being cautious about the risks involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects the moderate improvements and overall value of the product while addressing the performance uncertainties we've discussed.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price better reflects the value of the product while still considering the performance uncertainties we've discussed. It shows my willingness to negotiate while keeping the deal attractive for both parties.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5450. Given the moderate improvements and the value the product presents, I believe this is a fair adjustment that acknowledges the buyer's previous offer while still considering the product's performance uncertainties. Let's move forward with this negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects a balanced approach, acknowledging the seller's recent offer while remaining consistent with the value I see in the product. This price strikes a fair compromise and allows us to move closer to an agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while taking into account the improvements and potential value of the product, as well as the performance uncertainties we've discussed. Let's move forward from here.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price maintains our previous discussions and reflects a balanced approach, acknowledging both the value of the product and the uncertainties we've talked about. Let's find common ground and move forward.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the value of the product while considering the moderate improvements and performance uncertainties discussed in previous rounds. I believe this is a fair and competitive offer that aligns with the buyer's expectations.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering both the product's value and the performance uncertainties we've discussed. It allows us to move closer to a mutual agreement while respecting the previous offers and our negotiation dynamics.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5450. I believe this price reflects a fair balance considering the product's improvements and value, while still acknowledging the performance uncertainties we've discussed. Let's move towards a resolution.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's concerns while still reflecting the product's value and improvements. Let's move closer to finalizing this deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5400. This price reflects a balanced approach considering the product's value and the ongoing uncertainties in performance. I believe it aligns well with the previous discussions and can pave the way for a successful agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5300. This price reflects my understanding of the product's value and acknowledges the seller's previous offer while still considering the performance uncertainties we've discussed. I believe this adjustment is a step towards a fair agreement for both parties.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5350. This price reflects a reasonable adjustment that acknowledges the buyer's concerns about performance uncertainties while still valuing the product appropriately. Let's find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5300. Given the seller's recent offer of 5350, my price reflects a continued commitment to finding common ground while still considering the performance uncertainties we both acknowledge. I believe this adjustment is reasonable and keeps us moving towards a fair resolution.