Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has a long data life and sufficient capacity, which suggests it can hold value over time. However, the NULL traits, especially Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy, limit the overall potential and effectiveness of the product. Given the market value of 0.4, which indicates moderate demand, the expected price reflects these factors.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The product has a Model Performance Improvement score of 0.2, indicating a moderate enhancement in performance which can attract users looking for efficiency. The medium data entropy suggests a balanced level of uncertainty, while a long data life indicates that the product is reliable and can be used effectively over time. The market score of 0.4 shows there is some demand, but not overwhelming, which keeps the price moderate. However, the lack of history (NULL) suggests uncertainty in the product's past performance which affects overall confidence in its valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1505.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the product's moderate Model Performance Improvement score of 0.2, indicating it can enhance efficiency for users. Given the reliable long data life and the balanced medium data entropy, I believe this price captures the value effectively while accounting for the current market demand.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. The product has some limitations, particularly with its NULL traits in Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy, which affect its overall potential. Given the market value of 0.4 and moderate demand, I believe this price accurately reflects its value while still allowing for negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. The product has shown considerable value with its moderate performance improvements and reliable data life, and I believe this price fairly reflects its worth in the current market.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price strikes a balance between the value of the product and its current market performance while considering the seller's recent offer.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1550. This price reflects the product's solid performance and reliability while also considering current market dynamics. It's a fair compromise between the value it delivers and the offers on the table.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price aligns with the product's value and performance while still being a reasonable offer in the current market context. It also reflects my previous considerations and shows my willingness to negotiate fairly.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1550. This reflects the solid performance of the product and aligns well with current market conditions, providing a fair compromise between our positions.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price strikes a fair balance based on the product's performance and aligns well with my previous offers. It reflects my willingness to meet the seller halfway while still acknowledging the product's value.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1550. This price reflects the solid performance of the product while also considering the current market dynamics. It strikes a balance between value and the buyer's perspective, creating a fair opportunity for both parties.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1500. This price aligns well with the product's perceived value and performance while also considering the ongoing negotiations and the seller's last offer. It represents a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' interests.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1525. This price reflects the product's solid performance while considering the market dynamics and the ongoing negotiation. It strikes a balance between both parties¡¯ positions, and I believe it's a fair compromise.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1500. This price aligns with my previous offers and reflects a fair assessment of the product's value, considering its performance and market dynamics. I believe this amount represents a reasonable compromise for both parties involved.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1510. This price reflects the product's solid performance while acknowledging the buyer's consistent offers. It's a reasonable compromise considering the current market dynamics and the value perceived in previous discussions.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price is a fair representation of the product's value, aligning closely with my previous offers while still recognizing the seller's recent adjustments. It reflects my commitment to a reasonable negotiation while considering market dynamics and the product's performance.