Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': 'The product has a long data life and enough capacity, which are positive traits. However, the medium data entropy and the absence of information on model performance improvement and market demand indicate that the product may not be fully optimized or widely applicable. This suggests a moderate price point that reflects its potential utility while accounting for the uncertainties.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating it can enhance existing models to some degree. The capacity being "enough" suggests it can handle typical workloads. However, the data entropy being medium implies some level of unpredictability in the data, and the long data life indicates potential for long-term use. The market demand at 0.4 is moderate, which can support pricing but reflects some limitations in competitive advantage. Overall, the product has valuable traits despite some uncertainty, justifying a price of 1500.', 'confidence': '70'}
Deal Price:1727.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the product's moderate model performance improvement and long-term usability potential, making it a valuable asset for enhancing existing models, despite the medium data entropy and moderate market demand.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price considers the moderate model performance improvement and potential for long-term usability, but I believe it aligns better with the uncertainties presented by the medium data entropy and market demand.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. The market demand shows signs of improvement, and this price reflects a balanced consideration of performance and usability potential while addressing my earlier concerns.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1725. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's concerns while also acknowledging the improved market demand and the product's potential performance advantages. I believe this is a fair compromise that benefits both parties and encourages a productive negotiation.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects the improved market demand while still addressing the concerns about medium data entropy and performance. It strikes a fair balance between our positions and allows us to move forward.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1720. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still demonstrating my commitment to a fair deal. This slight reduction reflects my understanding of the market dynamics and the need to balance our interests.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1730. This price reflects a fair balance considering the ongoing discussions about market demand and performance potential. It shows my willingness to negotiate while still valuing the product's worth. Let¡¯s move forward with this deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1725. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's willingness to negotiate while also valuing the product's potential in the current market. It keeps us in a reasonable range and demonstrates my commitment to reaching a fair agreement. Let¡¯s finalize this deal.