Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a modest enhancement in performance, which can be valuable for users looking to optimize their models. However, the lack of information regarding Data Entropy, Data Life, History, and Market significantly limits the understanding of the overall value and potential demand for the product. Therefore, while there is some value due to the MPI, the uncertainty reduces the confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which suggests it can enhance existing systems or processes. The long data life indicates that the data can be utilized effectively over time, and while the data entropy is medium, it is manageable. The market score of 0.4 indicates a decent demand, although not extremely high. Overall, the combination of these traits suggests a product that adds value, but the lack of history limits the potential for higher valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1700.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant model performance improvement and the long data life of the product, which adds considerable value to potential buyers. I'm confident that this data can enhance existing systems effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. While I recognize the seller's point about the model performance improvement, my confidence in the overall value of the product is low due to the lack of information about Data Entropy, Data Life, History, and Market. Therefore, I believe 1600 is a more reasonable price given the uncertainties.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the exceptional value and enhanced capabilities of the product, while also taking into consideration the buyer's concerns regarding sufficient information. I believe this is a fair compromise that highlights the product's quality and potential for significant performance improvement.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price acknowledges the seller's concerns about the product's value while still reflecting my need for more information before committing to a higher price. It strikes a balance between the perceived value and my apprehensions, ensuring a fair negotiation moving forward.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1725. The product offers exceptional value with its significant model performance improvement and long data life, making it a worthwhile investment. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the buyer's previous offer. Let's move forward!
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects a balance between the value the product provides and my budget considerations. While I appreciate the seller's argument regarding performance improvements, I still see room for negotiation. Let's continue the conversation.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1720. This price reflects the exceptional value and performance improvements of the product while remaining competitive enough to engage the buyer's interest. 
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1680. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the seller's valuation of the product and my budget considerations, while still recognizing the improvements in value and performance.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1710. This price reflects the exceptional value and performance improvements the product offers, while still providing a reasonable compromise considering the buyer's last offer of 1680. Let's move forward with this competitive pricing.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1690. I believe this price is a fair compromise that reflects the product's value while still aligning with my budget constraints. It acknowledges the seller's points about performance improvements, but also takes into account my previous offers. Let's find a mutually beneficial agreement.