Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be valuable in certain applications. The market score of 0.4 suggests a reasonable level of demand for this product, although the lack of data entropy, data life, and history makes it difficult to assess its full potential. However, the combination of moderate improvement and market presence implies a base value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a notable Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating it can enhance performance for users. The capacity is sufficient, and the data life is long, suggesting it can be utilized over an extended period. However, the data entropy is medium, which may raise concerns about data reliability compared to high-quality datasets. The market score of 0.4 indicates moderate demand, which supports a reasonable pricing strategy. The absence of historical data limits confidence but does not significantly detract from the overall value.', 'confidence': '70%'}
Deal Price:1567.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the notable Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, which indicates significant enhancements for users. The product's sufficient capacity and long data life further justify this valuation, despite the medium data entropy and moderate market score. I am confident in this pricing strategy as it aligns with the value provided.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. While I acknowledge the seller's emphasis on the model performance improvement, my assessment considers the medium confidence in the product's overall value due to factors like limited data life and market presence. Therefore, I believe 1500 is a fair starting point for our negotiations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. Given the significant model performance improvements and the perceived value of the product, I believe this price strikes a fair balance while addressing my concerns about limited data life and market presence.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the seller's concerns while also considering the value of the product and the improvements in performance. I'm confident this can lead us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1575. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's value and the concerns regarding its market presence and data life. It represents a reasonable step towards finding common ground while acknowledging the improvements in model performance.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1560. This price acknowledges the seller's perspective on the product's value and performance while still reflecting my belief in the product's merits. I believe this offer strikes a fair balance between our positions.