Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product demonstrates a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating it can enhance existing models effectively. The long data life suggests that the data remains relevant and usable over time, which adds value. However, the absence of data entropy and other market-related information limits the assessment of demand and market size, hence a moderate pricing.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a significant enhancement in performance, which can lead to increased efficiency and value to users. The market rating of 0.4 suggests there is moderate demand for this product, and the long data life implies that the product will remain relevant for a considerable time. However, the medium data entropy may indicate a need for careful management of data quality. Overall, the product holds value due to its performance and longevity, but the lack of historical data limits the ability to predict future success.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:4775.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the exceptional Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, which significantly enhances user efficiency and adds considerable value to the product. Given the moderate market rating of 0.4 and the long data life, I believe this price is justified as it ensures the product's relevance and utility in the market for a considerable time.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 3000. While the Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 is impressive, the significant gap between our prices indicates a need for negotiation. Considering the moderate market rating and the lack of comprehensive market data, I believe that my offer reflects a more reasonable assessment of the product's value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. I believe this price reflects a fair value considering the data's potential and market dynamics, while also accounting for the significant gap between our previous offers. This is a reasonable middle ground that acknowledges both the quality of the data and the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the value of the data and staying within a reasonable range that aligns with my budget. It's a fair compromise that reflects my interest in acquiring high-quality data without overshooting my limit.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5000. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product, considering its potential and the current market dynamics while also being reasonable for both parties. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges the data's worth.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, acknowledging the value of the data product while also reflecting my budget constraints. Let's work together to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 4900. This price reflects a fair valuation of the data product while considering the buyer's previous offer and the need for a balanced negotiation. Let's move forward constructively.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 4800. This price aligns with my previous offers and reflects a fair assessment of the data product's value while remaining within my budget constraints. Let's aim for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 4900. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise given our previous discussions and the current market dynamics, while still recognizing the value of the data product. Let's aim for a resolution that works for both of us.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price strikes a balance between the value of the data product and the ongoing negotiations. It's an incremental approach that acknowledges the seller's position while still aiming for a reasonable deal for both parties. Let's work towards finalizing this.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 4850. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the need to reach an agreement soon. It acknowledges the buyer's perspective while still maintaining a slight increase from previous offers.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price is a fair repetition of our previous negotiations, maintaining a balance between acknowledging the seller's incremental increase while still reflecting my position as the buyer. Let's move towards a resolution that satisfies both parties.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4850. This price reflects a balanced approach, acknowledging the value of the data while still remaining competitive within the ongoing negotiations. Let's move forward towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4750. This price reflects my assessment of the data's value while remaining firm in my approach to negotiate a better deal. I believe this offer is competitive and aligns with the ongoing discussions, aiming for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects the consistent value of the data product while also considering the buyer's previous offers and maintaining a reasonable negotiation space as we approach the final rounds.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4750. I believe this price continues to demonstrate my commitment to reaching a fair agreement while also reflecting the value of the data product as we approach the final rounds of negotiation.