Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in model performance, which can be valuable for businesses looking to improve their data-driven decisions. The capacity being ¡°enough¡± suggests that the product can handle the necessary data volume, but the medium data entropy indicates a moderate level of complexity and potential risk in data interpretation. However, the lack of data life, history, and market information limits the overall valuation potential. Given these factors, a price of 2000 reflects a reasonable value for a product with moderate enhancements but uncertain long-term viability.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which indicates it can enhance existing models to a certain degree. The capacity is sufficient, and a long data life suggests longevity and ongoing utility. However, the medium data entropy could imply some variability or complexity in the data, which may impact its usability. The market demand is moderate at 0.4, which may limit the overall value. Given these factors, a price of 5000 reflects a balanced valuation considering the strengths and weaknesses.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1525.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 7000. This price reflects the product's moderate model performance improvement and its long-lasting utility, which can enhance existing models significantly. Given the market demand and the unique aspects of the data, I believe this is a fair starting point for negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. Given the moderate model performance improvement and the uncertainties surrounding the product's long-term viability, I believe this price better reflects its current value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2000. I believe this price better reflects the product's potential and value, considering its moderate performance improvement and utility for the buyer.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1900. This price reflects my confidence in the product's potential while still acknowledging the seller's perspective on its moderate performance. I believe it strikes a fair balance between the value offered and the concerns raised about long-term viability.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2000. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's potential while acknowledging the performance concerns previously discussed. It positions us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this price balances the product's potential and the performance concerns we have discussed. It represents a fair compromise that keeps us moving towards a successful agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2000. I believe this price accurately reflects the product's potential while also considering the concerns raised about its long-term viability. It's a solid compromise that acknowledges the buyer's interest and the product's performance attributes.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this price continues to reflect a fair assessment of the product's potential while still addressing the performance concerns we've discussed. It acknowledges the seller's recent offer while remaining grounded in our negotiation history.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1900. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's potential while considering the ongoing concerns about its long-term viability. I hope we can reach a successful agreement at this price point.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1800. This price reflects my assessment of the product's potential while also acknowledging the seller's concerns about long-term viability. I believe this offer strikes a balance between our positions and moves us closer to a successful agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1850. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, considering the ongoing discussions and the buyer's last offer of 1800. It's a step towards a fair agreement while acknowledging the product's value and potential.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1750. I believe this price strikes a balance between my previous offers and the seller's latest offer, while still recognizing the product's potential and long-term viability. It's a reasonable step towards a fair agreement that should be acceptable for both parties.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1800. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, considering the product's potential and the ongoing discussions about its long-term viability. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, considering the ongoing discussions and the potential of the product while also addressing the seller's concerns about its long-term viability. Let's work towards a successful agreement that can satisfy both parties.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, taking into consideration the ongoing negotiations and the product's value amidst the concerns about its long-term viability.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price is a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's concerns while still reflecting the product's potential value. It demonstrates my commitment to reaching an agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the buyer's concerns while still valuing the product's potential. Let's move closer to an agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the product's potential while considering the ongoing concerns about its long-term viability. Let's move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 1550. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the buyer's last offer of 1500 and acknowledges the ongoing discussions about the product's potential and long-term viability. I believe it positions us closer to an agreement while still recognizing the value of the product.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price reflects my consistent assessment of the product's long-term viability concerns while also acknowledging the seller's position. It¡¯s a fair offer that aims to reach an agreement without overvaluing the product given the ongoing discussions.