Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in model performance, which can be valuable for users looking for improvements. However, the short data life suggests that the product may have limited long-term usefulness, and the lack of other traits (such as data entropy, history, and market information) reduces confidence in its overall value. Therefore, a conservative price is justified.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be appealing to users looking for efficiency gains. However, the data life is short, suggesting that the product may not provide long-term value. The market score of 0.4 indicates a decent demand but not overwhelming. The low data entropy suggests that the data is relatively stable and reliable, which is a positive aspect. Given these factors, the expected price reflects a balance between potential performance benefits and limited longevity in the market.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1625.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance that our data product provides, which can significantly boost efficiency for users. Given the short data life, this price captures the value of immediate benefits while recognizing the stable and reliable nature of the data.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1200. Given the short data life and the limited long-term usefulness of the product, I believe this price reflects a more conservative valuation despite the moderate enhancement in performance.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1800. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the product's moderate performance enhancement and its immediate efficiency benefits, while still acknowledging its limited long-term usefulness. Let's move forward with this value in mind.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between recognizing the product's immediate efficiency benefits while also considering its limited long-term usefulness. This offer is more aligned with the conservative valuation discussed previously, and I am confident it reflects a fair compromise. Let's keep the negotiation moving forward.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects a balanced approach, recognizing the immediate efficiency benefits while still considering the product's limited long-term usefulness. I believe this offer is fair and positions us to move closer to an agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price provides a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the product's immediate efficiency benefits while remaining mindful of its limited long-term value. This offer demonstrates my commitment to reaching an agreement that is beneficial for both parties.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the product's moderate performance benefits while still considering its limited long-term usefulness. Let's find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price maintains a balance between recognizing the product's moderate performance benefits and its limited long-term usefulness. I believe this offer aligns with our previous discussions and brings us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1625. This price reflects a slight adjustment towards the buyer's previous offer while still recognizing the product's limited long-term usefulness. I believe this compromise can lead us closer to a deal that satisfies both parties.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the product's immediate efficiency benefits while still acknowledging its limited long-term usefulness. Let¡¯s continue moving towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the product's immediate efficiency benefits while acknowledging its limited long-term usefulness. I believe this offers a balance that can work for both parties.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's immediate efficiency benefits while still considering its limited long-term usefulness. It shows my willingness to reach a balanced agreement that can satisfy both parties.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects the balance between the immediate benefits of the product and its limited long-term usefulness, while also acknowledging the buyer's previous offers and the need for a reasonable agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price reflects a fair compromise, considering the product's immediate efficiency benefits while acknowledging its limited long-term usefulness. It's an offer that aims to meet in the middle, allowing both parties to move forward effectively.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects a fair assessment of the product's current market value, considering both its immediate efficiency benefits and the recognition of its limited long-term usefulness. I'm aiming for a resolution that acknowledges both parties' perspectives.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price reflects my continued assessment of the product's immediate efficiency benefits while recognizing its limited long-term usefulness. I believe this offer represents a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' perspectives and moves us closer to a resolution.