Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a substantial enhancement in model effectiveness. Coupled with adequate capacity and a medium data entropy, this suggests the product is functional and able to handle varying data conditions. However, the lack of information regarding data life and history introduces uncertainty. The market score of 0.4 indicates some level of demand, though not overwhelming. Thus, the price reflects a balance between potential and risk.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.2 indicates a significant enhancement in performance, which is valuable in competitive markets. The capacity is sufficient, and the long data life suggests that the product can be used effectively over time. However, the medium data entropy and the market score of 0.4 imply moderate demand and potential challenges in data quality or consistency. Overall, these factors contribute to a reasonable valuation while acknowledging some limitations.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1555.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the substantial value of the data product, given its performance improvement of 0.2, which is crucial in competitive markets. While it has some limitations, the overall benefits and long data life justify this higher asking price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. The substantial value of the data product is acknowledged, but the price should reflect the uncertainties in data life and history, as well as the market score of 0.4, which indicates limited demand. My offer considers these factors while aiming for a more balanced and reasonable price.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. The product's superior performance improvement and extended data life justify this competitive pricing, especially considering the market uncertainties that have been highlighted.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The current market conditions and uncertainties necessitate a more conservative approach to pricing, while still valuing the product's performance improvements. This offer reflects my commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects a balanced approach, recognizing the improvements in product performance and longevity while remaining competitive in light of current market conditions.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price acknowledges the seller's improvements in product performance and longevity, while still reflecting my cautious approach given the ongoing market uncertainties. I believe this is a fair compromise that can lead us closer to an agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects the product's noteworthy performance improvements and long data life, while also acknowledging the current market conditions.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price reflects a balanced approach considering the noteworthy performance improvements and long data life, while remaining cautious in light of current market conditions. I believe this offer is fair and competitive.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects a fair balance considering the current market uncertainties while still acknowledging the product's performance improvements. I believe this is a competitive offer that aligns well with the value the product brings.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1550. This price reflects my recognition of the product's improvements while still considering the current market uncertainties. It¡¯s a reasonable step towards finding a solution that acknowledges both the value of the product and the cautious approach needed in today¡¯s market.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1575. This price reflects the product's solid performance improvements and long data life, while also acknowledging the current market uncertainties. I believe this is a fair compromise that balances value and caution.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, taking into account the seller's improvements while also addressing the market uncertainties that have been highlighted throughout our negotiations. It's a fair offer that aligns with previous discussions and shows my commitment to reaching an agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1580. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the product's performance improvements and the current market conditions, while still allowing us to move forward in this deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the product's performance improvements while also considering the current market uncertainties. This allows us to make progress in our negotiations without overextending our budget.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1560. This price reflects the ongoing improvements in the product's performance and data life, balanced against the current market uncertainties. It represents a fair compromise that acknowledges the buyer's concerns while also valuing the quality of the product.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1550. This price acknowledges the seller's recent improvements while still reflecting my concerns regarding current market uncertainties. It¡¯s a reasonable offer that balances both parties' interests, and I believe it sets the stage for a successful negotiation.