Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate market value of 0.5, indicating some demand in the market. However, the lack of specific performance metrics and other critical traits signals uncertainty regarding its effectiveness and value proposition, which lowers the expected price.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a decent enhancement in performance, suggesting utility for potential users. The capacity being "enough" implies that it can handle anticipated data loads, which is a positive trait. Additionally, a medium data entropy indicates a balanced level of complexity that can be managed effectively. The long data life is a significant advantage, as it suggests sustained value over time. However, the market score of 0.5 indicates a moderate demand, which tempers the potential price. The absence of a historical context limits confidence slightly, but the other positive traits support a reasonable valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the solid Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, the adequate capacity for anticipated data loads, and the long data life that ensures sustained value over time. While the market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand, the overall quality and utility of the data product justify this premium price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. Given the moderate market value of 0.5 and the uncertainties surrounding the product's effectiveness, I believe this price better reflects the actual worth of the data product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. The data product has demonstrated solid performance and holds significant long-term value, justifying this price while remaining reasonable for negotiation.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14000. The data product has shown promise, but I believe there are still some uncertainties that warrant a more cautious approach to pricing. This offer reflects a balance between acknowledging its potential value and my need to mitigate risk in the investment.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects a fair value considering the current market conditions while still acknowledging the robust performance of the data product. Let's find a middle ground that recognizes both the product's worth and the uncertainties in the market.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price balances my recognition of the data product's value while still considering the seller's perspective on market conditions. It's a fair compromise that reflects my commitment to closing this deal efficiently.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14450. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, taking into account the recent offers while still acknowledging the value of the data product. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price remains a fair assessment of the product's value while acknowledging the seller's perspective. It allows us to meet closer to the middle ground we've established in previous discussions. Let's finalize this deal!
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14450. This price reflects a solid compromise based on our previous discussions, and it acknowledges the value of the data product while still being mindful of the current market conditions. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price strikes a fair balance based on our previous negotiations and reflects the market conditions we have both acknowledged. It's a reasonable compromise that allows us to move forward and finalize this deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14450. This price reflects the ongoing negotiations and seeks to find a mutually agreeable solution. I believe this amount fairly represents the value while considering the previous offers and the current market dynamics.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the ongoing negotiations and the value of the data product while remaining competitive in the current market. It's a solid compromise that acknowledges both our positions as we move towards finalizing this deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14450. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise given the ongoing negotiations and the consistent offers from both sides, while still acknowledging the value of the data product.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14350. This price reflects my ongoing commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement while recognizing the consistent offers in our negotiations. I believe it captures the value of the data product while still being mindful of the market dynamics.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14400. This price reflects a fair assessment of the current market dynamics while aiming for a mutually beneficial agreement. Let's move closer to finalizing this deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14300. I believe this price continues to reflect a fair compromise while taking into account the seller's previous offer. It's a solid move towards finalizing this deal, demonstrating my commitment to reaching an agreement that satisfies both parties.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 14450. I believe this price not only reflects the ongoing negotiations but also acknowledges the perceived value of the data product, ensuring a fair compromise for both parties as we approach the final rounds.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 14300. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the ongoing negotiations and acknowledges the value of the data product while considering the proximity to closing the deal.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 14450. This price reflects the continued negotiation dynamics and acknowledges the buyer's previous offer while also maintaining the value of the data product. I believe this will facilitate a mutually beneficial conclusion to our discussions.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 14350. I believe this price represents a strong commitment to finalize the deal while acknowledging the value of the data product. It is a reasonable counter that reflects my interest in reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.