Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and medium data entropy, indicating that it can handle a reasonable amount of data and is of moderate complexity. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement, data life, history, and market limits the potential value. Given these factors, a mid-range price is reasonable.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a good level of enhancement, which is beneficial for users seeking better performance. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle the required workloads, and the long data life adds value as it indicates durability and relevance over time. However, the medium data entropy raises concerns about data quality and variability. The market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand but not overwhelming popularity. Overall, these factors balance out to a reasonable valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:7025.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 8000. This price reflects the significant value of the data product, given its model performance improvement and long data life, which offers users enhanced performance and durability. I believe this investment is justified for the substantial benefits it brings.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. Given the moderate complexity and the lack of information regarding model performance improvement, data life, and history, a lower price seems more justified. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the data product's value while still leaving room for negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 7500. This price reflects the substantial value of the data product, considering its impressive model performance and longevity, while also being a step closer to a more agreeable range for both parties.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 7200. I believe this price is a fair compromise, acknowledging the seller's emphasis on the data product's value while also considering my previous concerns about performance and complexity. This amount reflects my willingness to invest further while remaining within a reasonable budget.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 7400. This price reflects a balance between the value of the data product and the buyer's budget considerations, while still recognizing the significant performance benefits it provides.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 7300. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance, acknowledging the seller's emphasis on performance while still aligning with my budget considerations. This allows us to move forward constructively in our negotiations.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 7350. This price reflects my confidence in the data product's substantial performance benefits while also considering your previous offer of 7300. I believe this amount strikes a fair balance that acknowledges the product's value while remaining within reasonable reach for your budget.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 7250. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the seller's confidence in the product while still being mindful of my budget constraints.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 7300. This price reflects the product's strong performance and aligns closely with the buyer's previous offer of 7250, ensuring we find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 7200. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the seller's recent offer while still considering my budget and previous negotiations. I believe it's a fair compromise that recognizes the product's value without exceeding my limits.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 7250. This price respects the value of the data product while also acknowledging the buyer's position. It strikes a balance between performance and budget considerations, making it a fair compromise for both parties.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 7200. I believe this price reflects a reasonable valuation of the data product while remaining within my budget constraints. It acknowledges the seller's position while still being a step forward in finding a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 7250. This price reflects the solid value of the data product while considering the buyer's budget constraints and previous offers. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's performance and ongoing relevance in the market.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 7150. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the value of the data product and remaining within my budget constraints. It reflects my willingness to negotiate while still being mindful of the product's performance and relevance in the market. Let's work towards a resolution that benefits both parties.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 7200. This price reflects the product's value while remaining competitive and acknowledging the buyer's previous offer of 7150. I'm confident this is a fair compromise that highlights the data product's significant benefits.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 7100. This price reflects my recognition of the product's value while also taking into account my budget constraints. I'm looking for a competitive deal that acknowledges the seller's position without going above my limit. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 7150. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's value and performance while being mindful of budget constraints. I'm confident this is a fair compromise that brings us closer to a mutual agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 7050. This price is a reasonable reduction that reflects my continued interest in securing the data product while acknowledging the seller¡¯s previous offer. I believe this aligns closely with our negotiations and brings us one step closer to a final agreement.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 7050. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise after our previous negotiations and acknowledges the ongoing interest in the product while maintaining its perceived value in the market.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 7000. I believe this price is a reasonable reflection of the product's value while still allowing for a beneficial negotiation. It acknowledges the seller's previous offer while staying within my budget constraints.