Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a long data life, which adds value as it can be utilized over an extended period. Additionally, the capacity is sufficient, suggesting it can handle necessary workloads. However, the medium data entropy indicates a balanced quality of data, which might limit some use cases. The lack of information on model performance improvement and market potential does introduce uncertainty, but the existing strengths lead to a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a significant enhancement in performance, which is attractive in the market. The capacity is sufficient, and the data life being long suggests the product can be used over an extended period, adding to its value. However, the medium data entropy and the lack of historical data do introduce some uncertainty. The market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand, which supports a reasonable pricing expectation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:3175.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 3500. This price reflects the significant enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement, the long data life, and the overall value of the product despite some medium entropy and lack of historical data. I believe this price accurately represents the attractiveness of the data product in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 3000. The offered price of 3500 does not align with my valuation given the medium data entropy and uncertainties surrounding model performance improvement. While the product has long data life and sufficient capacity, the existing factors lead me to propose a more conservative price.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 3400. The product has significant performance potential and I believe this price reflects its value while addressing the medium data entropy concerns we discussed. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges both parties' perspectives.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 3300. I believe this price strikes a fair balance considering the product's performance potential while still addressing the concerns regarding medium data entropy. Let's work together to finalize a deal that benefits us both.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 3350. This price reflects the strong value of the product while acknowledging the buyer's recent offer of 3300. It's a fair compromise that recognizes the potential of the product while maintaining my confidence in its performance capabilities.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 3300. I believe this price represents a fair value considering the product's potential and my previous offer while staying within a reasonable range of the seller's current offer.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 3350. I believe this price reflects the product's strong potential while considering the previous discussions and the buyer's latest offer. It strikes a balance that acknowledges both parties' interests.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 3300. I believe this price continues to reflect a fair value for the product while acknowledging the potential it holds. It allows us to move forward without losing sight of our respective interests, and it remains within a reasonable range of your last offer.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 3325. I believe this price reflects the product's potential while also considering the buyer's previous offers and the current market conditions. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' interests.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 3200. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's recent offer and my previous bids while still reflecting the product's potential value. This amount keeps the negotiation moving forward and demonstrates my willingness to reach a fair agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 3300. This price reflects a balanced assessment of the product's potential and the ongoing negotiations, aligning closely with the buyer's previous offer while ensuring that we recognize the inherent value of the product. Let's make this deal happen!
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 3200. I believe this price represents a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's value while remaining within my budgetary constraints. Let's find common ground and finalize this deal!
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 3250. I believe this price reflects the product's strong potential while still acknowledging the buyer's previous offer of 3200, ensuring we are moving towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 3200. I believe this price is a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still aligning with my budget. Let's work together towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 3250. This price reflects the product's strong potential while still being reasonable given the buyer's consistent offers. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the value and performance of the product, aiming to move the negotiations forward effectively.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 3150. This price reflects my recognition of the product's value while still considering my budget constraints. I believe this offer represents a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's position while allowing us to make progress in our negotiations.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 3200. This price reflects the current market conditions and acknowledges the buyer's budget while still valuing the product's potential. Let¡¯s find a middle ground to move forward.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 3150. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my commitment to finding a fair deal. I believe this is a reasonable compromise that values the product's potential within my budget. Let's move towards finalizing this agreement.