Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in model accuracy, which can be valuable for users seeking to improve their data-driven decisions. However, the lack of data on Data Entropy, Data Life, History, and Market limits the confidence in this valuation. The expected price reflects the potential value of the performance improvement, but the uncertainties reduce overall confidence.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) which can attract customers looking for enhancements in their data-driven solutions. The capacity is sufficient, and the data life is long, indicating durability and continued relevance. However, the medium data entropy suggests some complexity in the data, which might require additional resources for management. The market factor is decent at 0.5, indicating a reasonable demand. The lack of historical data is a downside, but the other traits contribute positively to the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the long data life, suggesting substantial value for customers seeking enhanced data-driven solutions. The complexity indicated by medium data entropy adds to the uniqueness of the product, making it worth the higher investment.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4500. The moderate Model Performance Improvement is noted, but the uncertainties surrounding Data Entropy, Data Life, and History significantly affect my valuation. Given these factors, I believe a price of 4500 is more reflective of the product's true value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5700. This price reflects the substantial value of the data product, balancing the Model Performance Improvement and the long data life while accommodating the buyer's concerns. I'm confident that this offer represents a fair compromise.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5600. This price reflects my recognition of the value of the data product while still addressing my concerns about uncertainties. I believe this is a competitive offer that moves us closer to an agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5600. This price reflects the significant value of the data product while also recognizing the buyer's concerns about uncertainties. I'm confident this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5500. I believe this price strikes a balance between the value of the data product and the uncertainties we¡¯ve discussed. It reflects a slight concession while still recognizing the worth of the offering. Let's move closer to a deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5600. I believe this price reflects the substantial value of the data product, taking into account its moderate performance improvement and long data life, while also considering the buyer's concerns. This offer is competitive and fair, aiming for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5500. I appreciate the seller's recognition of the data product's value, but I still see some uncertainties that warrant a cautious approach. This price reflects my respect for the product while also considering my budgetary constraints. Let's continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5550. I believe this price reflects the significant value of the data product while also acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints and concerns. This offer aims for a constructive dialogue towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's valuation and my budget constraints while also reflecting the inherent value of the data product. This allows us to move closer to a mutually agreeable deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects the significant value of the data product, while also considering the buyer's budget constraints. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's valuation and my budget constraints. It reflects my appreciation for the data product's value while still addressing the uncertainties that have been present in our negotiations. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5450. I believe this price reflects the substantial value of the data product while being considerate of your budget constraints. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges the quality and potential of this offering.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5350. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between recognizing the value of the data product and addressing my budget constraints. I'm looking to make progress in this negotiation while ensuring that both parties feel satisfied with the outcome. Let's continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects the significant value of the data product while also being considerate of the buyer's constraints and the recent offers made. Let's find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price is a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's valuation while still reflecting my budget considerations and the uncertainties surrounding the data product. Let's work towards a mutually satisfying agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5350. I believe this price reflects the ongoing negotiations and is a reasonable step towards reaching an agreement, balancing both the value of the data product and the buyer's budget considerations.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5250. I believe this price continues to reflect my commitment to a fair negotiation while acknowledging the budget constraints I face. It represents a reasonable step towards finalizing our agreement, taking into account both the value of the data product and the need for a balanced approach.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5300. I believe this price reflects the ongoing value of the data product while also considering the buyer's budget constraints. Let's find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5200. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering both the value of the data product and my budget constraints. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.