Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in model capabilities, which can be appealing in certain market applications. Additionally, with a market rating of 0.5, there is a reasonable demand for such a product. However, the presence of NULL values for critical traits like Data Entropy, Data Life, and History introduces uncertainty, which may affect the overall value. Despite this, the available traits suggest a viable product with potential demand.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a decent enhancement in performance, which can be appealing in a competitive market. The 'medium' data entropy suggests a balanced complexity, making it versatile for various applications. Coupled with a 'long' data life, the product has the potential for sustained usability. However, the market score of 0.5 indicates a moderate demand, and the lack of historical data ('NULL') raises some concerns. Overall, the product has solid traits but lacks some critical data for a higher valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 8000. This price reflects the solid traits of the data product, including a decent Model Performance Improvement and versatile applications due to its medium data entropy. The long data life adds to its sustained usability, making it a valuable asset in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. The traits of the data product, while promising, are marred by the presence of NULL values in critical areas, introducing uncertainty that diminishes its overall value. Therefore, a price adjustment is necessary to align with this potential risk.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 7500. This price reflects the strong model performance and usability of the data product, while also considering the concerns regarding NULL values. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's value while addressing the buyer's feedback.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 7200. This price takes into account the strong model performance and usability of the data product while still addressing my concerns regarding the NULL values that detract from its overall value. I believe this offer strikes a balance between recognizing the product's worth and my apprehensions.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 7400. I believe this price reflects the strong model performance and usability of the product while still acknowledging the buyer's concerns about NULL values. This is a fair compromise that captures the value of the data while being reasonable for both parties.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 7300. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's valuation of the product's strong performance and my ongoing concerns regarding NULL values. It reflects an incremental concession while still being a reasonable offer for the data quality.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 7350. This price reflects the solid performance and usability of the product while still addressing the buyer's concerns about NULL values. I'm confident this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the strengths and weaknesses of the offering.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 7250. I believe this price better reflects my concerns about the NULL values while still acknowledging the solid performance and usability of the product that the seller emphasizes. I am looking for a fair compromise that meets both our needs.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 7300. This price reflects the strong performance and usability of the product while considering the buyer's ongoing concerns about the NULL values. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the strengths and weaknesses of the offering.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 7200. This price takes into account the product's strong performance and usability while still reflecting my concerns regarding the NULL values that impact its overall value. I believe this is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 7250. I believe this reflects the strong performance and usability of the product while acknowledging the buyer's concerns regarding NULL values. This price aims for a fair compromise that recognizes the value of the data product while remaining attractive to the buyer.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 7150. I believe this price more accurately reflects my ongoing concerns about the NULL values present in the product, while still recognizing the seller's emphasis on its strong performance and usability. This offer aims to facilitate a fair negotiation that acknowledges the product's value, but also aligns with my budget constraints.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 7200. The product's strong performance and usability significantly outweigh the concerns regarding NULL values, making this a fair price for its value.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 7100. The product does have notable strengths, but I still have concerns regarding the NULL values, which impact its overall value. This offer reflects my commitment to finding a fair compromise while considering the limitations.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 7150. This price reflects the strong performance and usability of the product while also considering the ongoing concerns about NULL values that the buyer has raised. I'm confident that this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the product's strengths and the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 7050. This price reflects my continued concern about the NULL values affecting the product's value while still recognizing its strengths. I believe this is a fair adjustment that considers both my budget constraints and the product's usability.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 7100. The product has strong performance and usability, and while I recognize the ongoing concerns regarding NULL values, I believe this price reflects a fair balance between its strengths and the buyer's apprehensions.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 7000. The product does have strong performance and usability, but the persistent concerns regarding NULL values continue to impact its overall value. My offer reflects a balanced consideration of its strengths and the ongoing issues that need to be addressed.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 7050. I believe this price reflects the strong performance of the product while also considering the ongoing concerns regarding NULL values. It strikes a balance that acknowledges the buyer's apprehensions while still valuing the product's capabilities.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 6950. This price reflects my consideration of the product's capabilities while still taking into account the ongoing concerns regarding NULL values. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the product's strengths and my apprehensions.