Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a notable enhancement in performance, which can be significant in competitive markets. The data life being long suggests that the product can provide ongoing value over time. However, the lack of information on data entropy, history, and market limits overall confidence in the valuation. Given these factors, a moderate price is justified.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be appealing to users looking for efficiency. The capacity being "enough" suggests it can handle the current demands, while a medium data entropy indicates a balance between complexity and usability. The long data life adds to its value, as it implies longevity and reliability. However, the market score of 0.5 reflects a moderate demand, which tempers the potential price. Overall, these factors suggest a reasonable value for the product.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1737.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant value of the data product, given its moderate performance enhancement, sufficient capacity, and long data life, which are critical for users seeking reliability and efficiency.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. The data product does have notable enhancements and reliability, but considering the lack of certain critical information, I believe this price reflects a fair starting point for our negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. The enhancements in the product's performance and durability provide significant value, and I believe this price reflects a fair adjustment based on the quality and enhancements we've discussed.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1725. The enhancements in performance and durability are indeed valuable, but I believe my offer more accurately reflects the balance between quality and budget considerations while remaining competitive in our negotiations.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the enhancements in performance and durability while still recognizing the value that the buyer sees in the product. I'm confident this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the improvements while respecting budget considerations.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1725. I believe this price reflects the significant value I see in the product, while still acknowledging the seller's enhancements in performance and durability. It¡¯s a fair compromise that aligns with my budget considerations and demonstrates my willingness to negotiate.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the outstanding enhancements in performance and durability of the product, making it a valuable investment. I'm confident that this price aligns well with its superior features while still being reasonable for your budget.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price strikes a fair balance considering the seller's emphasis on performance and durability, while still being mindful of my budget constraints. This price reflects my recognition of the product's enhancements without overstretching my financial limits.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1750. The product's enhanced performance, capacity, and durability make it a valuable investment, and I believe this price reflects its true worth while remaining competitive in the market.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1725. The product's enhanced performance and durability are significant, and I believe this price represents a fair compromise, reflecting the value while still being considerate of my budget constraints.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the exceptional quality of the product, highlighting its enhanced performance and durability, while also being a reasonable offer in light of the buyer's previous attempts to find common ground.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1725. This price strikes a balance between the exceptional quality of the product and my budget considerations, while still recognizing the value brought by its enhanced performance and durability. I'm keen to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1750. The product's enhanced performance and durability make it a valuable investment, and I believe this price reflects its true worth while remaining competitive in the current market.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1725. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the value of the product's enhanced performance and durability while still being mindful of my budget constraints. This offer acknowledges the seller's position while aiming for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the exceptional quality and enhanced performance of the product, which continues to demonstrate its value and durability in the market. I believe this is a fair offer that balances both value and budget considerations as we move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1725. This price reflects my recognition of the product's enhanced performance and durability while still considering my budget constraints. I believe this offer will lead us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.