Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The model performance improvement of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can attract interest in the market, particularly if the capacity is deemed sufficient. However, the lack of data entropy and history limits our understanding of the product's reliability and past performance. The market score of 0.5 suggests a fair level of demand, but the presence of NULL traits reduces confidence. Overall, the valuation reflects potential but acknowledges uncertainty.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a solid Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating it can enhance existing models. The capacity is enough, which suggests it can handle the required data loads. The medium data entropy and long data life imply that the data is of reasonable quality and will remain relevant for an extended period. However, the market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand, and the lack of history could impact buyer confidence. Overall, the product has valuable traits but some uncertainties due to the NULL history.', 'confidence': '70'}
Deal Price:1575.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the solid Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 and the capacity to handle required data loads, showcasing the product's value. While the market score is moderate, the quality and longevity of the data justify a premium.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. While the model performance improvement of 0.2 is noted, I believe the uncertainty surrounding the data's reliability and the presence of NULL traits significantly impacts its value. Therefore, my offer reflects a more cautious approach to the product's potential.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects the strong performance and reliability of the data product, addressing the buyer's concerns while still valuing its excellent quality.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a fair value based on my concerns about the data reliability and NULL traits affecting the product's overall performance. While I recognize the seller's emphasis on quality, it's essential for me to ensure that the investment aligns with my expectations for reliability.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. The product has shown consistent performance and reliability, and I believe this price reflects its true value while also addressing the buyer's concerns about data quality.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price addresses my concerns about data reliability while still recognizing the product's performance and value. It's a fair midpoint that allows us to move forward without compromising on quality.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects the solid performance and reliability of the product while also considering the buyer's concerns about data quality. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the data product.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1550. This price recognizes the seller¡¯s emphasis on the product¡¯s solid performance while still reflecting my ongoing concerns about data reliability and the presence of NULL traits. I believe it strikes a balance between acknowledging the value of the data product and addressing my reservations.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1580. This price reflects the product's robust performance and reliability while still recognizing the buyer's concerns about data quality. It strikes a balance that acknowledges both parties' perspectives.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1570. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still addressing my ongoing concerns about data quality and NULL traits. It represents a fair compromise that reflects the value of the product while considering both parties' perspectives.