Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The model performance improvement of 0.2 indicates a significant enhancement over baseline performance, which can be attractive in various applications. The medium data entropy suggests a balanced level of complexity, while a long data life implies durability and relevance over time. However, the lack of a history and market information limits our confidence in the product's demand and market positioning.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which indicates it has potential to enhance system performance. The data capacity is sufficient and the data life is long, suggesting longevity and reliability. However, the medium data entropy implies some level of complexity in data interpretation. Given the market demand is at 0.5, there is a reasonable interest in such a product. Overall, while there are some uncertainties, the combination of these traits suggests a viable product with moderate value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1657.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the product's potential with a moderate Model Performance Improvement and sufficient data capacity, indicating a strong value for enhancing system performance.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The offered price of 1800 is still higher than what I am willing to pay, considering the lack of historical data and market information that limits my confidence in the product's demand. A price of 1600 reflects my cautious approach while still valuing the potential improvements offered.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects a balanced approach, acknowledging the buyer's interest while considering the value and potential of the product. It allows us to move closer to an agreement without undervaluing the offering.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this adjusted price demonstrates my commitment to finding common ground while still reflecting the value I see in the product. It acknowledges the seller's recent offer and aims to bridge the gap toward a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1660. This price reflects a balanced approach, considering the buyer's last offer of 1650 while also acknowledging the inherent value of the product. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes both parties' interests and encourages us to move forward.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1655. This price demonstrates my willingness to negotiate while still recognizing the value of the product. It¡¯s a strategic move that keeps us close to the seller¡¯s latest offer and shows my commitment to reaching an agreement.