Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a sufficient capacity, which indicates that it can handle the necessary data volume, but the lack of other critical traits such as Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy suggests that its effectiveness and utility are uncertain. However, the market size of 0.3 implies there is some demand, albeit limited. Thus, the valuation reflects the potential value with caution due to the missing information.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating a positive impact on performance. However, the high data entropy suggests that the data may be complex and less structured, which could hinder usability. The short data life limits its long-term value, and the market rating of 0.3 indicates low demand or market size. Overall, while there is some potential due to the MPI, the constraints from data entropy and life reduce overall value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1715.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the potential value of the data product, considering the model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which indicates a positive impact on performance, despite its complexities and constraints. I'm confident this price captures the unique advantages it offers in a competitive market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The offered price of 1800 does not align with my cautious valuation of the data product's uncertain effectiveness and limited demand. Given the potential value and limitations, I believe 1600 is a fair starting point for our negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the significant value of the data product and its potential to enhance performance, while also considering the buyer's concerns. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's worth while remaining appealing to the buyer.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price reflects my recognition of the value of the data product while still addressing my concerns about its effectiveness and demand. I believe this is a reasonable step towards finding common ground in our negotiation.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1725. This reflects the value of the data product while remaining competitive and addressing the buyer's concerns regarding effectiveness and demand.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while reflecting my ongoing concerns about the product's effectiveness and demand. It is a fair compromise that respects the value of the data product while still addressing my reservations.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects the product's value while acknowledging the buyer's concerns, making it a fair compromise that aligns with the data product's potential effectiveness.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price strikes a balance between the value of the data product and the concerns I've raised about its effectiveness and demand. This offer reflects my ongoing commitment to reaching a fair deal while acknowledging the seller's perspective.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1725. This price reflects the value of the data product while taking into account the buyer's concerns about effectiveness and demand. It's a fair compromise that recognizes the potential benefits of the product while also being mindful of the buyer's perspective.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price reflects my ongoing commitment to recognize the value of the data product while still being cautious about its effectiveness and demand. It presents a balanced approach that acknowledges both our perspectives in this negotiation.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1720. This price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the data product while still addressing the buyer's concerns about effectiveness and demand. Let's move forward together.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1710. This price represents a reasonable step towards a deal, acknowledging the seller's position while still taking into account my concerns about effectiveness and demand. Let's find common ground and move forward.