Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity, indicating it can handle a decent volume of data, but the short data life suggests it may not be suitable for long-term projects. The NULL traits limit the information available for a more precise valuation, but given the basic capacity, it holds some value in the market.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which indicates it can enhance existing systems, albeit not dramatically. The capacity is sufficient, suggesting it can handle usage demands. However, high data entropy could imply the data is complex and potentially valuable, but a short data life limits its usability and longevity. The market score of 0.3 indicates low demand or market fit, impacting the overall value. Given these factors, the valuation is conservative.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:4775.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 7000. This price reflects the moderate model performance improvement and the potential value of the complex data, despite its short lifespan and low market score. I believe this price captures the unique attributes of the data product while allowing room for negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. The data product has a short lifespan and NULL traits, which diminish its long-term value, making it less appealing at a higher price point. My offer reflects the need to account for these limitations while still recognizing some inherent value in its basic capacity.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. This price reflects the unique data attributes and moderate model performance improvement while also considering the data's short lifespan. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the product while remaining realistic.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's valuation and my understanding of the data's limited lifespan. It acknowledges the unique attributes while still being a reasonable offer in light of the performance improvements.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 4950. This price reflects a slight increase over the buyer's last offer while still considering the data's limited lifespan and overall value. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges the unique attributes of the data without overvaluing it.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price reflects a fair evaluation of the data's attributes while acknowledging its limited lifespan. It aligns closely with our previous discussions and maintains a reasonable position for both parties. Let's move forward and finalize this agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 4950. This price reflects my ongoing recognition of the data's unique attributes while also acknowledging its limitations, especially regarding its short lifespan. I believe this is a fair compromise that aligns with our previous discussions.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 4850. While I appreciate the seller's recognition of the data's unique attributes, I still believe that the limitations regarding its short lifespan warrant a slightly lower price. This offer reflects my continued interest in reaching a fair deal that acknowledges both the value and constraints of the data.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 4900. The buyer¡¯s last offer was 4850, which aligns closely with my valuation. Given the data's unique attributes and its limited lifespan, I believe 4900 is a fair compromise that reflects its moderate utility. Let's move forward.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects the value of the data while considering its limited lifespan and attributes. It's a reasonable step towards a compromise, and I'm confident we can find common ground as we move forward.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 4850. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the data's limited lifespan while still recognizing its unique attributes and potential for moderate performance improvement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, considering the unique attributes of the data while still acknowledging its limited lifespan and performance potential.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4850. I believe this reflects a fair compromise considering the data's limited lifespan while still acknowledging its unique attributes and moderate performance improvements.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4750. I believe this price acknowledges the limitations of the data's lifespan while still considering its unique attributes and moderate performance improvements. It's a reasonable step towards reaching an agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the data's unique attributes and its limited lifespan, while also acknowledging the buyer's previous offer of 4750. Let's aim to close this deal effectively.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4750. I believe this price continues to reflect a fair evaluation of the data's unique attributes and its limited lifespan. It's a reasonable step towards closing this deal effectively, and I'm confident it aligns with our ongoing discussions.