Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a sufficient capacity and a market rating of 0.3, indicating some level of demand. However, the short data life and multiple NULL traits reduce its overall value. This estimate reflects a balance between potential utility and the limitations present.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating it can enhance performance effectively. However, the high data entropy suggests variability and unpredictability in the data, and the short data life indicates limited longevity. The market score of 0.3 suggests modest demand; thus, the value is tempered by these factors. The overall analysis leads to a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:4825.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the substantial Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, which demonstrates the product's ability to significantly enhance performance. While there are some concerns regarding data variability and limited longevity, the potential benefits justify a higher starting point in this negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4800. This price reflects my assessment of the product's potential utility balanced against its limitations, such as the short data life and multiple NULL traits. I believe this is a fair starting point for negotiation, considering the market rating and the inherent risks involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. I believe this price reflects the product's value while addressing the buyer's concerns about performance and risk. It positions us closer to an agreement while acknowledging the significant improvements and inherent limitations of the product.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4900. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the seller¡¯s offer while considering the product's improvements and the risks involved. It¡¯s a reasonable compromise that keeps us moving towards a successful agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 4950. This price reflects a balanced approach, acknowledging the buyer's concerns about performance while still valuing the product's potential. It's a fair compromise that considers both parties' perspectives.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 4850. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while reflecting my continued concerns about the product's limitations and potential risks. It represents a fair compromise that allows us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 4900. I believe this price fairly reflects the product's value while addressing the buyer's concerns about performance and risks. It seems like a reasonable compromise at this stage in our negotiations.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects my concerns about the product's limitations while still acknowledging the improvements mentioned. It's a fair offer considering the risks involved, and I hope we can come to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 4850. Given the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's consistent offers, this price reflects a reasonable compromise while still addressing the product's limitations and risks. It's a fair step towards closing the deal.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while considering the ongoing negotiations and the limitations that have been discussed. It positions us well for a potential agreement, allowing both parties to move forward without excessive risk.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 4850. I believe this price reflects a fair balance considering the product's limitations while still acknowledging its potential value. Let's find a common ground that works for both of us.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price accurately reflects the value of the product while considering the limitations we've discussed. It positions us closer to a fair agreement, allowing us to move forward efficiently. Let's finalize this deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4850. This price reflects a fair balance considering the ongoing negotiations and the product's value, while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about limitations and risks. Let's move closer to a resolution.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects a fair balance, considering both the product's limitations and its potential value in addressing our needs. Let's aim for a swift resolution that acknowledges both parties' concerns.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4850. This price reflects the ongoing negotiations and acknowledges the product¡¯s limitations while still aiming for a fair balance for both parties. Let's find common ground and finalize this deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4800. This price aligns with my previous offers and reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while considering its limitations. I believe this amount is a reasonable compromise as we aim to finalize the deal effectively.