Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product has a sufficient capacity and high data entropy, which indicates that it may provide valuable insights despite the lack of specific performance metrics and data life. However, the market score is low (0.3), suggesting limited demand, which restricts the price potential.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a reasonable enhancement in model performance, which can be appealing to potential users. However, the high data entropy suggests that the data may be complex and potentially difficult to work with. The short data life limits the usability of this product over time, meaning it may not have long-term value. The market score of 0.3 indicates a relatively low demand, which also affects the overall valuation. Considering these factors, the expected price reflects a balance between the product's performance potential and its limitations.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1725.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant potential for model performance improvement, while also acknowledging the complexities and limitations of the data. The enhancement in performance can be quite valuable to users, and I'm confident this price captures that potential effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. While I recognize the potential for model performance improvement you mentioned, the data's low market score indicates limited demand, which affects my valuation. This price reflects my assessment of the risks involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the potential for model performance improvement while still accounting for the low market demand and associated risks. Let's move forward with this opportunity.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1725. The slight adjustment reflects my belief in the potential for model performance enhancement while still recognizing the market conditions and associated risks. I am keen to find common ground and move forward with this deal.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. The previous discussions have shown the value of the data product, and I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering both the potential for model performance improvement and the current market conditions. Let's move forward with this offer.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1725. I believe this price strikes a balance between the value of the data product and the market conditions we've discussed. It acknowledges the potential for model performance improvement while also being mindful of the risks involved. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1730. This price reflects a slight increase while still considering the market dynamics and associated risks. I believe it strikes a balance between value and the potential for model performance improvement that we've discussed.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1720. I believe this price represents a fair offer that acknowledges the seller's recent increase while still keeping in mind the market dynamics we've been navigating. It allows us to inch closer toward a mutually beneficial agreement without overextending our budget.