Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 suggests a moderate enhancement to existing capabilities, which can be valuable in certain applications. The low data entropy indicates that the data is reliable and consistent, which is a positive trait. However, the NULL values for Data Life and History limit our understanding of the product's long-term viability and usage context. The market score of 0.4 implies there is some demand, but it is not very high. Overall, while there are some positive traits, the uncertainty around NULL traits reduces the overall confidence in the valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate increase in performance, which can be appealing in specific applications. However, the short data life and low data entropy suggest that the product may not provide long-term value or be highly reliable. The market score of 0.4 indicates some demand, but the lack of historical data limits the confidence in its effectiveness. Overall, this leads to a reasonable price reflecting both potential and limitations.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:4810.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the moderate performance improvement and the potential applications despite the product's limitations in longevity and reliability. I believe this initial offer sets a strong foundation for our negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4800. While I recognize the moderate performance improvement, the uncertainties regarding long-term viability due to the NULL values and the market score indicate a need for a more conservative approach to pricing. My offer reflects the balance between the product's potential and its limitations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. The previous discussions highlight some potential but also significant concerns, and I believe this price reflects a balanced consideration of both the product's strengths and the market uncertainties.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the potential of the product while still acknowledging the concerns raised about its long-term viability. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 4950. I believe this price represents a fair compromise, acknowledging the potential of the product while still addressing the market uncertainties we discussed.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 4850. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's potential while also taking into account the ongoing market uncertainties. This offer shows my willingness to negotiate and find a middle ground that benefits both parties.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 4900. I believe this price reflects a fair balance considering the product's potential and the market's uncertainties that we both acknowledge.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's concerns while also reflecting my assessment of the product's potential in the current market.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 4850. Given the ongoing discussions and the buyer's previous offers, this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's potential while also considering the market uncertainties we've discussed. I believe this number can facilitate a successful negotiation.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price aligns with the previous discussions, reflecting the product's potential while also addressing the market uncertainties we've encountered. It's a reasonable offer that I hope will facilitate a constructive negotiation.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 4850. This price reflects my willingness to find a mutually agreeable solution while considering the ongoing concerns about market viability and product limitations. Let's aim for a fair compromise that acknowledges the potential of the product.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's potential while still addressing the market uncertainties we've discussed. Let's move forward and reach an agreement that benefits us both.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4830. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, taking into account the ongoing concerns about the product's long-term viability while still recognizing its potential advantages in the market.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's potential while acknowledging the ongoing concerns about its long-term viability. This amount aligns with our previous discussions and positions us for a constructive negotiation moving forward.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4820. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, considering both the ongoing concerns about market viability and the potential value of the product. It acknowledges the buyer's recent offer while allowing for continued negotiation as we approach the final rounds.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price maintains a solid understanding of the product's potential while addressing the seller's concerns regarding market viability. It represents a fair compromise as we move closer to a final agreement.