Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a reasonable enhancement in performance, which adds value, especially in competitive markets. A market score of 0.3 suggests there's a moderate interest in this type of data product, but the high data entropy could indicate potential complexities in data handling. The NULL values for Data Life and History may limit the product's appeal, making it harder to assess long-term viability, but the overall traits suggest a decent market value.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.2 indicates a reasonable enhancement potential, which can be attractive in a competitive market. However, the high data entropy suggests complexity and potential challenges in data interpretation. The short data life limits its long-term usability, but the market score of 0.3 indicates some demand. Overall, these factors suggest a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2525.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 4000. This price reflects the significant potential for performance improvement of the data product, alongside its unique complexities and market demand, making it a valuable asset in a competitive landscape.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. While I recognize the potential for performance improvement and the complexities involved, I believe the high data entropy and NULL values for Data Life and History significantly limit the product's overall appeal and long-term viability. Therefore, my offer reflects a more cautious approach considering these factors.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2500. The data product has potential, but I still have concerns about its high entropy and NULL values, which impact its overall value. This price reflects a fair compromise considering those issues while acknowledging its market demand.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2400. The data product does have potential, but I need to account for the seller's concerns about high entropy and NULL values impacting its appeal. This price reflects my recognition of the product's market demand while remaining cautious about its quality issues.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2600. I believe this price better reflects the potential of the data product while still addressing the quality concerns we've discussed. It¡¯s a fair middle ground that acknowledges both market demand and the need for quality assurance.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2500. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the data product's potential while still being mindful of the quality concerns we've discussed. It shows my commitment to reaching a fair agreement that acknowledges both the market demand and the product's viability.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2700. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the product's potential while addressing my concerns about data quality.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2600. I believe this price is a solid reflection of the data product's potential while still being cautious about the quality concerns previously discussed. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges both our perspectives.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2650. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the data product's potential and the quality concerns we've discussed, while still recognizing the buyer's willingness to invest. Let's move closer to a deal.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2600. I believe this price strikes a fair balance considering the product's potential while acknowledging the quality concerns we've discussed. It's a reasonable compromise and shows my commitment to reaching a mutual agreement. Let's finalize this deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2625. I believe this price reflects a careful balance between the product's potential and the ongoing concerns regarding quality. It recognizes the buyer's interest while still maintaining a cautious approach to the data's viability.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2600. I believe this price is a fair compromise that acknowledges the potential of the data product while still considering the ongoing concerns regarding quality and the previous offers made in this negotiation.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2610. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance, addressing both the potential of the data product and the ongoing concerns regarding its quality. This offer reflects a slight adjustment while still acknowledging the buyer's interest and the product's value.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2500. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that considers both the data product's potential and the ongoing quality concerns. It acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still maintaining a cautious approach to the deal.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2600. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's potential and the quality concerns that have been raised. It aims to find a middle ground where both parties feel satisfied while moving closer to a final agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2500. I believe this price strikes a reasonable compromise, considering the seller's latest offer while still reflecting my concerns about the product's quality. It allows us to move closer to a final agreement without undermining the value of the data product.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 2550. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between acknowledging the product's potential and addressing the quality concerns we've discussed previously. It's a reasonable step forward that reflects the market demand while remaining cautious about the data's viability.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 2500. This price reflects my continued recognition of the data product's potential while addressing the quality concerns we've discussed. It is a practical and reasonable step towards closing the deal, aligning closely with your recent offer and ensuring we find common ground.