Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a decent model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which indicates it can enhance existing solutions, particularly in a data-driven environment. However, the high data entropy suggests complexity and potential challenges in usability, while the short data life indicates limited long-term value. The lack of historical and market data makes it difficult to ascertain demand, but the combination of traits suggests niche applicability.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a good Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating it can enhance performance to a noticeable degree. However, the data entropy is high, which suggests variability and potential challenges in usage. The short data life raises concerns about sustainability and long-term value, while the NULL history limits confidence in its track record. The market rating of 0.3 indicates a low to moderate demand, which could hinder pricing. Overall, the expected price reflects these mixed signals.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1715.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 that our data product provides, which can greatly enhance operational efficiency. While there are some concerns regarding data entropy and sustainability, the potential benefits warrant a premium price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. While the Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 is promising, the concerns regarding data entropy and its short lifespan suggest a cautious approach to investment. I believe this price reflects a fair value given the potential risks involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects the value of the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 and the operational benefits it brings, while also considering the concerns about data entropy. It's a fair middle ground that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price acknowledges the Seller's significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 while remaining competitive. It also takes into account the operational benefits that come with it, striking a balance between value and my budget constraints.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. The value of the data product is significant due to its Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, and I believe this price reflects its operational benefits while addressing any concerns about data entropy. Let's move forward with this offer.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1700. The operational benefits of the data product are indeed significant, and while I appreciate your offer of 1750, I believe 1700 better reflects a fair compromise considering our previous discussions and the importance of balancing value with cost. Let's work together to finalize this deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects the significant value of the Model Performance Improvement and operational benefits while still being competitive in the market. Let's move forward with this offer.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price fairly reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement and operational benefits while remaining competitive. It aligns closely with our previous discussions and demonstrates my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement. Let's make progress on this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects the value of the significant Model Performance Improvement and the operational benefits we¡¯ve discussed, while also demonstrating my willingness to reach a fair agreement. Let¡¯s move forward with this.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price strikes a balance between the value of Model Performance Improvement and the operational benefits discussed, while also reflecting a fair compromise based on previous negotiations. Let's continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1725. This price reflects the significant operational benefits and model performance improvements we've discussed, while also acknowledging the buyer's previous offer of 1700. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the value of the data product.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price aligns with the operational benefits and model performance improvements we've discussed while reflecting my commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement. It shows a willingness to negotiate while still acknowledging the value of the data product without going above my previous offers.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1720. I believe this price reflects the significant operational benefits and model performance improvements we've discussed while remaining competitive in the current market. This slight adjustment from my previous offer is aimed at fostering a more favorable negotiation environment and moving us closer to a successful agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1710. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the operational benefits and model performance improvements while staying competitive. It's a fair compromise that reflects my commitment to reaching an agreement.