Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "Although several traits are NULL, the product has enough capacity, which suggests it can handle a significant amount of data. This could indicate a basic functionality that may appeal to certain market segments. However, the lack of information on performance improvement, data quality, or historical context limits the product's perceived value.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which indicates it can enhance performance in applications. However, the high data entropy suggests that the data may be complex or chaotic, making it less reliable. The short data life implies that while it can be effective in the short term, it may not provide long-term value. The market score of 0.4 suggests there is some demand, but it is limited. Overall, the combination of these traits leads to a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:5710.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement the data product provides, which can greatly enhance application performance. While I acknowledge the complexity and short data life, the potential for immediate impact justifies a higher starting price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4800. While I recognize the potential for immediate impact, I believe the complexities and short data life limit the overall value of the product. My offer reflects a balanced assessment of its capabilities against the risks involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5900. Given the substantial performance improvements of the data product, I believe this price reflects its true value while still recognizing the buyer's concerns about complexity and lifespan. Let's find a middle ground that respects the quality of the offering.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between the seller's recognition of the product's quality and my concerns regarding its complexity and limited lifespan. This adjustment reflects an appreciation for the improvements while still keeping the overall value in check. Let's work towards an agreement that satisfies both parties.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5800. The product's performance enhancements are significant, and I believe this price reflects its true value while remaining competitive given the buyer's concerns.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the substantial performance enhancements you¡¯ve highlighted and my concerns regarding the product's complexity and limited lifespan. It's a competitive offer that reflects my interest in moving forward with this deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5750. This price reflects a fair acknowledgment of the significant performance enhancements of the data product while still addressing the buyer's concerns about complexity and lifespan. I believe this is a reasonable compromise that can lead us closer to a deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's performance enhancements while still reflecting my concerns about the complexity and limited lifespan of the product. It represents a fair compromise that keeps us moving towards a successful deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5725. This price reflects my confidence in the product's substantial performance enhancements while recognizing your concerns about complexity and lifespan. It strikes a balance that acknowledges the value of the product while remaining competitive in our negotiations.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price maintains a fair balance between the value of the product's performance enhancements and the concerns regarding its complexity and limited lifespan. It showcases my willingness to negotiate while still reflecting my understanding of the product's worth.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5720. This price reflects my confidence in the product's significant performance improvements while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns about complexity and lifespan. I believe this is a fair compromise that highlights the value of the product.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the significant performance improvements you highlighted and my concerns regarding the complexity and limited lifespan of the product. It's important for me to ensure that the value of the product aligns with these factors.