Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity to meet demand, but it has a short data life and several traits are NULL, which limits confidence in its overall value. The market score of 0.4 suggests a lower demand, indicating that the product may not fetch a high price.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': "The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating it can enhance performance to some extent. However, the high data entropy suggests that the data may be complex or chaotic, which could make it less reliable for consistent results. The short data life limits the product's long-term usability, and the market score of 0.4 indicates a lower demand. Considering these factors, the expected price reflects a balance between potential and limitations.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2115.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 3000. This price reflects the value of the data product, considering its potential to enhance performance despite some limitations. The moderate Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 indicates a noticeable benefit, and I believe this price captures the product's worth in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1800. The product has limitations such as a short data life and several NULL traits, which significantly affect its overall value. Given the market score of 0.4 and low demand, I believe 1800 is a fair starting point for this negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's performance potential while acknowledging its limitations and the current market demand.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2400. I believe this price takes into account the seller's acknowledgment of the product's limitations while still recognizing its moderate performance potential. This offer reflects my confidence in finding a middle ground that respects both parties' perspectives.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2400. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the product's moderate performance improvements and the ongoing challenges in market demand. Let's move forward with this agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2300. I believe this price reflects a reasonable assessment of the product's value, considering its moderate performance improvements while still acknowledging the current market challenges. Let's work towards a resolution that benefits us both.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2350. I believe this price reflects a fair value considering the product's moderate performance and the ongoing market challenges, while still being a step towards a more balanced agreement with the buyer.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2250. I believe this price better reflects the value of the product, taking into account its moderate performance and the need for a more favorable agreement that acknowledges the ongoing market challenges we both face.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2250. Given the ongoing negotiations and the marginal adjustments we've made, this price strikes a fair balance, reflecting the product's value while acknowledging the buyer's perspective on its performance and market conditions. Let's work towards closing this deal.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2200. This price reflects my continued acknowledgment of the product's moderate performance while still considering the market conditions and the need for a fair deal. I believe this adjustment will help us move closer to an agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2200. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the product's moderate performance while also considering the market demand and the need for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2100. This price strikes a fair balance, recognizing the product's moderate performance while still addressing the current market conditions and the need for a collaborative agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2150. This price reflects a more optimistic view on the product's value while still considering its limitations and market demand. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the buyer's perspective and aims for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2100. This price reflects my assessment of the product's limitations and the current market demand. While I appreciate the seller's optimism, I believe this offer strikes a fair balance, considering the product's performance and my budget constraints.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2130. I believe this price reflects the moderate performance of the product while also considering the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's previous offers. It positions us closer to an agreement while acknowledging the product's value.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2100. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the seller's recent offer while remaining mindful of the product's moderate performance and my budget constraints. It positions us closer to a fair agreement without undervaluing the product's potential.