Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': 'The model has a moderate performance improvement (0.2) and sufficient capacity, which suggests it can deliver some value. However, the low data entropy indicates that the data is relatively stable, and the short data life limits its long-term applicability. The lack of market and history information significantly affects confidence in potential demand and widespread use. Overall, the expected price reflects a balance between potential utility and uncertainty.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a reasonable Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating it can enhance existing models to some extent. While the market score of 0.4 suggests moderate demand, the low data entropy signifies that the data is relatively consistent, which is a positive trait. However, the short data life and lack of historical context may hinder long-term value. Overall, the product has potential, but certain limitations prevent a higher valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2607.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the reasonable Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 and the moderate demand indicated by the market score of 0.4. While the data has its limitations, I believe its potential justifies a premium.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2000. While I acknowledge the model's performance improvement, the high price you're asking does not align with the data's limitations and market uncertainties. My offer reflects a balance between potential utility and the risks involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price better reflects the model's performance potential while considering the data limitations and market uncertainties we've discussed. It allows us to find common ground while ensuring that the value of the data product is recognized. Let's move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2400. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the seller's recent offer while still acknowledging the potential value of the data product. It demonstrates my willingness to negotiate and move closer to an agreement that recognizes both parties' interests.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2600.0. This price reflects the model's potential while also considering the market uncertainties and data limitations we've discussed. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the product without overestimating its capabilities.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2500.0. This price aligns with my assessment of the model's value while considering the market uncertainties we¡¯ve discussed. It's a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the product's potential without overextending my budget.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2700. I believe this price reflects the model's performance potential while acknowledging the market uncertainties we've discussed. It's a reasonable step forward for both parties.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2600. This price is a solid reflection of the model's potential while still considering the market uncertainties we've discussed. It represents a fair compromise that acknowledges the needs of both parties in this negotiation.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2650. This price reflects a reasonable balance between acknowledging the model's potential and recognizing the market uncertainties we've discussed. I believe this amount is fair for both parties and can lead us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2600. This price maintains the balance we've been discussing, taking into account the model's potential while still addressing the market uncertainties. It's a fair compromise that reflects our ongoing negotiations and keeps us moving toward a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2625. This price reflects the model's potential while also considering the market uncertainties we've discussed in previous rounds. I'm looking for a fair compromise that acknowledges both our interests and allows us to move forward.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2600. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's concerns regarding market uncertainties while still valuing the model's potential. I believe it's a reasonable compromise that sets a foundation for us to move forward effectively.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2610. This price reflects a fair assessment of the model¡¯s potential while considering the ongoing market uncertainties. It allows us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2605. This price reflects my continued commitment to finding a middle ground while acknowledging the seller's perspective on the model's potential and market uncertainties. It's a reasonable step that demonstrates my willingness to compromise and move forward in our negotiations.