Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be valuable depending on the application. However, the lack of data entropy, data life, history, and market information significantly limits the full understanding of the product\'s potential value. Given that the capacity is "enough," it suggests it can handle current demands, but without additional context on the market or historical usage, the valuation remains cautious.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement, which can attract interest in a market with a score of 0.4, suggesting some demand. However, the high data entropy and short data life could limit its long-term usability, affecting overall value. As there are some NULL traits, this adds uncertainty to the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1615.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in model performance and the current demand in the market, even with the limitations of high data entropy and short data life. I believe this value captures the potential of the data product effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. The seller's offer of 1800 is still quite high given the limitations in data entropy and history, which significantly impact the understanding of the product's true value. My offer reflects a more cautious approach considering these factors.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the improved model performance and market demand while still addressing my initial concerns about data limitations. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the value of the data product.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between acknowledging the seller's concerns regarding data limitations while also recognizing the improved model performance and market demand. This offer reflects my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the improvement in model performance and market demand while still addressing the data limitations we've discussed. Let's move forward with this reasonable price point.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price strikes a good balance between the seller's perspective on the model's performance and market demand while still being mindful of the data limitations we've previously discussed. Let's find a way to close this deal effectively.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects a reasonable increase based on the buyer's acknowledgment of improved model performance while still addressing the data limitations that were previously discussed. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the value of the product while remaining competitive in the market.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price reflects my recognition of the improved model performance while still maintaining a cautious stance regarding the data limitations. I believe it's a fair offer that aligns with the value of the product and addresses both our concerns in this negotiation.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1650. Given the improved model performance and market demand, I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while also addressing the data limitations we've discussed. Let's find common ground here.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the improved model performance and the data limitations we've discussed. It shows my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement while also respecting the current market conditions. Let's finalize this deal!
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1625. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the improved model performance while still addressing the concerns regarding data limitations. Let's move forward with a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price represents a fair compromise, taking into account the improved model performance while also recognizing the seller's concerns about data limitations. This offer maintains a constructive dialogue towards reaching an agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1620. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, taking into account the ongoing improvement in model performance while still respecting the concerns regarding data limitations. This allows us to move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1610. This price represents a solid compromise, acknowledging the improvements in model performance while also considering the seller's valid concerns regarding data limitations. It strikes a balance that can lead us to an agreement that benefits both parties.