Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement capability, which can attract interest in markets with existing data products. The market score of 0.4 suggests a reasonable demand, though the presence of NULL traits such as Data Entropy, Data Life, and History limits the overall valuation due to lack of supporting information. Therefore, while the product shows potential, the uncertainty reduces confidence.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate market score of 0.4, indicating some demand. The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 suggests a noticeable enhancement, which can appeal to users looking for better efficiencies. However, the high data entropy and short data life indicate potential challenges in usability and longevity, which may lower its perceived value. The absence of historical data also contributes to uncertainty in its effectiveness over time. Overall, the combination of a decent market presence and specific performance characteristics provides a reasonable valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1607.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the potential of the data product, considering its moderate market score and noticeable performance improvement capabilities. While there are some challenges with usability and longevity, the enhancements it provides can yield significant efficiencies for users.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. While I acknowledge the potential of the data product, the existing challenges with usability and longevity, along with the uncertainties surrounding the NULL traits, lead me to propose a more conservative price.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. The product's potential and efficiency are significant, and I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that addresses my concerns about usability and longevity while still valuing the product appropriately.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price acknowledges the product's potential while also addressing my concerns about usability and longevity. It¡¯s a fair compromise that reflects my confidence in the product's value.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's potential and usability concerns, while still acknowledging its inherent value in the market.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. While I appreciate the seller's perspective, I believe my offer reflects a fair compromise, recognizing both the product's potential and the usability concerns that have been raised. This price aligns with my previous assessments and maintains a balance that acknowledges the value of the product while still addressing the issues at hand.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1625. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between recognizing the product's potential while addressing the usability concerns that have been highlighted.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a solid compromise that acknowledges both the product's potential and the usability concerns that have been raised. It demonstrates my willingness to engage while still being mindful of the challenges associated with the product.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1610. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the product's potential while still acknowledging the usability concerns. It¡¯s a step towards finding common ground in our negotiations.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1605. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's concerns while still valuing the product's potential. It¡¯s a reasonable step towards closing the deal, and I am confident it reflects a fair compromise.