Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a decent enhancement in model efficacy, which is valuable in a market with a 0.4 rating. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle the necessary data load, which adds to its utility. However, the high data entropy indicates complexity, which could deter some users. The absence of data life and history limits confidence in long-term performance and reliability. Overall, the combination of factors suggests a moderate-value product with potential appeal, leading to an expected price of 2500.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating potential for enhancing performance. The capacity being "enough" suggests it can handle the necessary data load. However, the high data entropy and short data life may limit its long-term viability. The market score of 0.4 indicates some demand, but the lack of historical data raises concerns about reliability and adoption. Overall, the product has potential but is not without risks.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:5325.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the product's moderate Model Performance Improvement and its capacity to handle necessary data loads, despite some risks related to data entropy and life. I believe this price captures the potential value and demand for the product.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2000. While the seller's offer of 6000 reflects their perceived value of the product, I believe my offer aligns more closely with the moderate value considering the complexities and risks associated with the data entropy and lack of historical performance. My price reflects a fair assessment of the product's potential and the current market conditions.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects the moderate model performance and the demand I have observed while also considering the buyer's concerns about complexities and risks. This is a fair compromise that recognizes the value of the product while being mindful of the buyer's position.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price acknowledges the value of the product while still reflecting my concerns regarding its complexities and risks. It¡¯s a reasonable step closer to a fair agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects the product's value and balances both parties' concerns regarding complexities and risks.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price is a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's valuation while still reflecting my concerns about the complexities and risks associated with the product.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's value and the inherent complexities, while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price strikes a balance between the product's value and the complexities involved, while also reflecting my willingness to negotiate. Let's move forward towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5450. This price reflects a slight adjustment while still recognizing the product's value and the ongoing negotiation dynamics. I believe this is a fair compromise that could lead us towards a satisfactory agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5400. This price reflects my continued commitment to a fair negotiation while recognizing the value of the product. It aligns with my previous offers and demonstrates my desire to reach a mutually beneficial agreement. Let's move closer to finalizing this deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5450. This price reflects my understanding of the product's value and the ongoing negotiations, while still demonstrating my willingness to reach a fair agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the product's value and the ongoing negotiations. It shows my commitment to reaching an agreement while also addressing the complexities and risks involved.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5400. This price reflects my willingness to reach a fair compromise while acknowledging the complexities of the product and the buyer's concerns. Let's work towards a beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5300. This price demonstrates my continued commitment to reaching a fair agreement while also considering the market value and the complexities involved in this transaction. Let's finalize this deal in a way that benefits us both.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5400. This price reflects a balanced consideration of both the product's value and the complexities involved in the deal, while also maintaining a reasonable margin that acknowledges the buyer's concerns. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5300. This price acknowledges the seller's offer while still addressing my concerns about the complexities and risks involved. I believe this is a fair compromise that brings us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5350. This price reflects my understanding of the product's value while acknowledging the buyer's previous offer of 5300, which is close enough to consider a fair negotiation. Let's find common ground and finalize this deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price strikes a fair balance reflecting the product's value while also acknowledging the seller's recent offer. Let's move closer to an agreement and finalize this deal efficiently.