Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a reasonable enhancement in model performance, which can be valuable for businesses looking to optimize their data products. However, the high data entropy suggests that the data could be complex and less predictable, while the short data life implies that the value may diminish quickly. The absence of market and history data limits the confidence in demand and pricing. Therefore, a moderate price reflects the potential value while accounting for the uncertainties.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model shows a moderate performance improvement (MPI of 0.2), which indicates some potential effectiveness. The capacity is deemed sufficient, but the data entropy is high, suggesting complexity and variability that may detract from reliability. The short data life implies that the product may not be sustainable over a long period, impacting long-term value. However, the market score of 0.4 indicates there is some demand, though not robust. Overall, these factors lead to a cautious valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1775.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2000. This price reflects the moderate performance improvement and the potential effectiveness of the data product, factoring in the complexity and variability indicated by high data entropy. While the product has a limited data life, I believe its current demand justifies this premium price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1800. This price considers the seller's assessment and reflects my interest in acquiring the data product while acknowledging its complexities and limitations. I believe this offer strikes a balance between value and the uncertainties surrounding the product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1900. I believe this price reflects the product's moderate performance improvement while also addressing the complexities and limitations that were previously noted. This is a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1800. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's perspective while still reflecting the complexities and limitations of the product. It¡¯s a reasonable offer that aims for a balanced deal without overshooting the value.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1850. This price reflects a balanced approach, taking into account the product's moderate performance improvements and the current market demand while still acknowledging its complexities.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1800. This price is a fair reflection of the product's moderate performance improvements while still considering the complexities involved. It aligns with my previous offers and recognizes the value of a balanced deal that benefits both parties.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1825. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the ongoing discussions and the value of the product in the current market. It acknowledges the buyer's perspective while still recognizing the quality and potential of the offering.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1780. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the ongoing discussions and takes into account the product's moderate performance while still recognizing the seller's position. This offer aims to move us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement without overstepping my budget.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1800. I believe this price reflects the product's value while acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints. It represents a fair compromise that can lead us to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1750. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between acknowledging the seller's perspective and my budget constraints, while still valuing the product's potential. This offer can pave the way for a successful agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1780. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the buyer's previous offer of 1750 and the product's value in the current market. It's a reasonable step towards closing the deal while acknowledging both parties' perspectives.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1770. I believe this price is a fair concession considering the seller's recent offer of 1780 while still being below my previous offers. It reflects my continued interest in reaching a deal while recognizing the value of the product in the current market.