Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which indicates some level of effectiveness. However, the high data entropy suggests that the data is complex and potentially difficult to work with. The market demand is noted at 0.4, indicating a moderate level of interest in the product. The short data life may limit its long-term usability, affecting its value. Overall, the combination of these factors leads to a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The model performance improvement of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which could be appealing to certain markets. However, the high data entropy suggests that the data may be complex or variable, which can be both a positive for innovation and a negative for stability. The short data life limits the longevity of the product's usefulness, and the market score of 0.4 indicates a niche demand. Overall, the combination of these factors leads to a reasonable price point considering the potential application, but the uncertainties due to high entropy and short data life affect overall confidence.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:3025.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in model performance of 0.2, which presents a compelling opportunity for innovation in niche markets. The high data entropy adds complexity that can drive unique applications, despite the short data life limiting longevity. This combination supports the value I propose.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2500. Given the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the complexities associated with the high data entropy, the product's value should be more aligned with its potential challenges, especially considering the short data life. This price reflects a fair assessment of its overall effectiveness and market demand.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 3500. The product's potential for innovation and moderate performance improvement justifies a price higher than the last offer, while still remaining reasonable considering its challenges.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 3400. The product's unique aspects and potential for moderate performance improvement still hold value, but I believe a further reduction is justified given the concerns about its longevity and challenges.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 3300. The product has unique aspects and potential, but its longevity concerns still weigh on my assessment. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the buyer's previous offers and the product's challenges.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 3200. The product's potential is noteworthy, but I must consider the highlighted longevity concerns and the challenges it faces. My offer reflects a balanced approach, valuing the unique aspects while still being mindful of the risks involved.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 3250. This price reflects the product's unique potential while still addressing the concerns about its longevity and challenges. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges both the innovation and the risks involved.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 3150. This price reflects my recognition of the product's unique potential while still considering the ongoing concerns about its longevity and challenges. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the innovation and the associated risks. Let's move closer to a deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 3200. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's unique potential and the concerns regarding its longevity and challenges. This offer acknowledges the buyer's interest while still valuing the product appropriately.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 3100. I believe this price continues to reflect a fair evaluation of the product's unique potential while addressing the concerns about longevity and challenges. This offer demonstrates my commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement that recognizes both the risks and rewards of the product.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 3150. I believe this price reflects a balanced assessment of the product's innovative potential while still addressing the concerns regarding its longevity and challenges. It¡¯s a fair compromise that acknowledges both the product's strengths and risks.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 3100. This price reflects my evaluation of the product's innovative potential while still considering the seller's concerns about longevity. It represents a fair compromise that acknowledges the strengths of the product while also addressing its risks.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 3150. This price reflects a fair valuation of the product's unique potential while acknowledging the ongoing concerns regarding its longevity and challenges. Let's find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 3050. This price reflects my assessment of the product's innovative potential while still addressing the concerns about its longevity and challenges. I believe this offer is a reasonable step towards finding common ground in our negotiations.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 3100. Given the ongoing discussions and the persistent concerns regarding the product's longevity and performance, this price reflects a fair valuation that acknowledges both its innovative potential and the associated risks. Let's see if we can find common ground here.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 3000. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, considering the ongoing discussions about the product's innovative potential and the concerns regarding its longevity. This offer aims to balance both parties' interests, and I hope we can move closer to an agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 3050. This price reflects a balanced approach, considering both the innovative potential of the product and the ongoing concerns regarding its longevity and performance challenges. It's a fair midpoint that acknowledges the strengths while addressing the risks involved.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 3000. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's balanced approach while still emphasizing the inherent risks associated with the product's longevity and performance. It aligns with my commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement as we approach the conclusion of our negotiations.