Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The data product has enough capacity, which indicates it can handle required workloads, but the short data life and multiple NULL traits suggest limited long-term value and marketability. Hence, the pricing is moderate to reflect these factors.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant model performance improvement (MPI of 0.2) which indicates potential value in enhancing predictive capabilities. However, the high data entropy suggests that the data may be complex and less predictable, while the short data life indicates limited usability over time. The market value of 0.5 suggests moderate demand. Given the combination of these factors, a mid-range valuation is justified.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:3907.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 4000. This price reflects the significant model performance improvement and the potential value of the data product in enhancing predictive capabilities, despite its complexity and limited usability over time.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 3900. While I appreciate the seller's perspective on the model's performance, the short data life and the limited usability over time make me cautious about its long-term value. Therefore, I believe a slightly lower price is more appropriate given these factors.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 3950. I believe this price reflects the value of the data while addressing my concerns about its limited long-term usability. This is a fair compromise, allowing us to move forward effectively.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 3900. I believe this price still reflects the significant value I see in the data, while also considering the seller's concerns about its limited long-term usability. This price allows us to maintain a fair negotiation and move forward effectively.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 3950. This price reflects a balance between the value of the data and the concerns about its limited long-term usability. It's a fair deal that recognizes the significant performance benefits while addressing the buyer's reservations.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 3900. This price reflects my continued recognition of the value of the data while also taking into account the seller's concerns about its limited long-term usability. It's a reasonable offer that aims to facilitate a productive negotiation.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 3925. I believe this price reflects the data's value while addressing the concerns regarding its limited usability. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges both the significance of the data and the buyer's reservations.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 3900. This price reflects my continued acknowledgment of the data's potential value while respecting the concerns regarding its limited usability. I believe this is a fair counter that allows us to progress towards an agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 3910. I believe this reflects a fair compromise between the data's value and the usability concerns we've discussed. It's a step up from my previous offers, showing my willingness to negotiate while still recognizing the data's worth.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 3905. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's willingness to negotiate while still addressing my concerns about the data's limited usability. It reflects a fair compromise that values the data while also being mindful of the risks involved.