Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity and a moderate market demand (0.5), which indicates some level of interest. However, the high data entropy and short data life suggest that the data may be volatile and less reliable, limiting long-term value. The lack of information on model performance improvement and history also reduces confidence in its potential effectiveness.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating that it has some value in enhancing performance. However, the high data entropy suggests that the data may be complex and potentially difficult to utilize effectively. The short data life could limit its applicability, but the market score of 0.5 indicates a reasonable demand. Given these factors, the product is valuable but not exceptionally so, hence the expected price of 1500.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1557.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 and the complexity of the data, which adds significant value despite the short data life. The market score of 0.5 indicates reasonable demand, making this a compelling offer for a data product of this caliber.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. Given the high data entropy and short data life, I believe this price reflects the volatility of the product. While there is moderate demand, the overall uncertainty in model performance and reliability suggests a cautious approach to valuation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's moderate performance improvements while still acknowledging the concerns regarding data entropy and its limited lifespan.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1550. This price reflects a fair compromise between the seller's concerns about data entropy and the product's moderate performance improvements. I believe it acknowledges the value while remaining cautious about the limitations mentioned.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1575. This price reflects a fair assessment of the data product's moderate performance improvements while still considering the concerns about data entropy and its relatively short life span. I'm confident this price represents a balanced compromise for both parties.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1550. This price acknowledges the seller's concerns about data entropy and the short life span of the product while still reflecting a fair valuation based on its moderate performance improvements. I believe this offer strikes a good balance for both parties and encourages a timely resolution.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1560. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's moderate performance improvements while still acknowledging the concerns regarding data entropy and its limited lifespan. I believe this is a reasonable step forward in our negotiations.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1555. I believe this price is a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's concerns regarding data entropy while still reflecting the moderate performance improvements of the product. This offer demonstrates my willingness to negotiate and find common ground.