Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'While several traits are NULL, the capacity is noted as "enough," which indicates that the product can handle the necessary workload. This suggests some level of functional capability. However, the lack of information on performance improvement, data entropy, data life, history, and market limits the overall confidence in the valuation. Thus, a conservative estimate is provided based on the existing trait.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate level of model performance improvement (MPI) at 0.2, indicating some effectiveness. However, the low data entropy suggests that the data may not be very rich or diverse, and the short data life could limit its usefulness over time. The market score of 0.5 indicates a decent demand, but the lack of historical data reduces confidence in its long-term viability. Overall, the product has potential but also significant limitations, justifying a moderate price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1655.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate level of model performance improvement and the decent demand in the market, while also considering the potential limitations of the data product. I believe this is a fair starting point for our negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. Given the limitations of the data product and the seller's starting point, I believe this price reflects a cautious yet reasonable approach to the negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects a balance between the value of the data product and the buyer's previous offer, while still acknowledging the limitations that were discussed.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between my previous offer and the seller's current position, while still acknowledging the value of the data product. Let's find common ground and move forward.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while also considering the buyer's previous offers and the need for a reasonable compromise. Let's move toward a successful agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price strikes a fair balance considering the previous negotiations and the seller's latest offer. It demonstrates my commitment to reaching an agreement while also reflecting my assessment of the product's value. Let's finalize this deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects the product's value while remaining competitive in light of the previous offers. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges both the quality of the data and the buyer's perspective.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price strikes a fair balance considering the seller's last offer and the quality of the data product. It's a reasonable step towards finalizing this deal while acknowledging the previous negotiations.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1680. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the value of the data product and the ongoing negotiations. It allows us to move closer to a deal while acknowledging the buyer's interest and market conditions.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price reflects my appreciation of the seller's offer while maintaining a fair stance on the product's perceived value. It's a strategic move to encourage progress in our negotiations as we both aim for a successful deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1660. I believe this price represents a slight increase, showing my willingness to negotiate while still recognizing the value of the product and the current market dynamics. Let's find a middle ground that works for both of us.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price remains a fair reflection of the product's value while also demonstrating my commitment to reaching an agreement. Let's work together to finalize this deal.