Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate level of effectiveness in enhancing performance, while the market score of 0.5 suggests a reasonable level of demand. However, the presence of NULL traits indicates a lack of comprehensive data regarding data entropy, life, and history, which are critical for a full valuation. Hence, the price reflects a cautious estimate based on available information.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which indicates some effectiveness. However, it has high data entropy and a short data life, suggesting that while the data may be valuable for a brief period, its longevity is compromised. The market score of 0.5 reflects a moderate level of interest or demand. The lack of historical data adds uncertainty to its long-term value. Overall, the combination of these traits suggests a reasonable price for the product in a competitive market.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1717.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the unique value of the data product, considering its moderate Model Performance Improvement and the potential it holds for immediate applications, despite its short data life. I believe this is a fair starting point for our negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The seller's offer is quite low, and while I recognize the potential of the data product, I believe my offer accurately reflects the limitations due to the short data life and the presence of NULL traits. This price is reasonable considering the current market conditions and my cautious assessment of the product's value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700.0. This price reflects the unique potential of the data product while also considering its limitations. I believe this figure strikes a balance between the value perceived by the buyer and the constraints I have highlighted.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the seller's perspective on the unique potential of the data product while still considering its limitations. I believe this figure better aligns with my valuation, given the constraints mentioned.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the unique potential of the data product while still acknowledging the limitations due to its short life. I'm confident this is a fair compromise that values both parties' perspectives.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, recognizing the product's unique potential while also considering its limitations. It reflects my willingness to engage further in this deal and move closer to an agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1725. This price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the unique potential of the data product and its limitations. I believe this can lead us to a fruitful agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1710. I believe this price represents a fair compromise, acknowledging the unique potential of the data product while still factoring in its limitations. Let's move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.