Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which implies it can enhance existing models to some extent. The capacity is deemed sufficient, indicating that it can handle the required data load. However, the short data life suggests that its relevance may diminish quickly, and the NULL traits (Data Entropy and History) limit the understanding of its robustness and performance over time. The market score of 0.5 indicates a moderate demand but also reflects some uncertainty in its value. Overall, the combination of these factors leads to a conservative valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model shows a moderate performance improvement of 0.2, which indicates potential effectiveness. The capacity is adequate, suggesting it can handle the required data workload. However, the data entropy is high, which can be a concern for reliability and consistency. The data life being short implies that the product may not have long-term applicability or value. Additionally, the market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand. Overall, the combination of these factors leads to a conservative valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1475.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the potential effectiveness of the data product, despite some concerns regarding data reliability and its short lifespan. Given the moderate demand indicated by the market score, I believe this price captures the value while allowing room for negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. The data product has a moderate Model Performance Improvement and a short lifespan, which raises concerns about its long-term value and reliability. Given these factors, I believe 1400 is a fair starting point for negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1500. This price reflects the moderate performance improvement and addresses the reliability concerns while still aiming for a fair exchange.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1450. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the seller's moderate performance improvement, while still considering the reliability concerns that have been highlighted. It's a reasonable step towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1500.0. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the buyer's previous offer and the value of the data product, while also considering its moderate performance improvements and reliability concerns.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1450. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's acknowledgment of my previous offers and maintains a fair stance considering the moderate performance improvements and reliability concerns associated with the data product. Let's find a common ground to move forward in our negotiation.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1500. This price reflects the data product's moderate performance improvement and reliability issues while still providing a fair value for both parties. Let's move forward with this offer.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1450. This price reflects my assessment of the data product's value amidst its performance improvement and reliability concerns, while still aiming for a fair negotiation. Let's find a common ground and move towards a deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1480. I believe this price reflects the moderate performance improvements of the data product while also taking into account the reliability concerns we've discussed. It¡¯s a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the product while remaining competitive in this negotiation.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1470. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's recent offer and my previous assessments of the product's value, considering the moderate performance improvements and existing reliability concerns. This adjustment reflects my commitment to reach a fair agreement while still recognizing the product's worth.