Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.2 indicates a significant potential for enhancement in performance, which can be appealing to users looking for improved results. However, the high data entropy suggests complexity and variability in the data, which could impact usability. The short data life indicates that the product may have a limited window of practicality, which might decrease its value. The NULL traits related to history and market make it difficult to assess the overall demand and past performance, which adds uncertainty to the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which indicates some effectiveness, but the high data entropy suggests it may have variable quality. The short data life limits its long-term usefulness, and the lack of historical data raises concerns about reliability. However, a market score of 0.5 indicates a moderate level of demand, which could support a reasonable valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1690.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the current market demand, while accounting for the variable quality and short data life. I believe this valuation captures the value of the product effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. The seller's offer of 1800 is significantly lower than my expected value of 5000, and I believe that 1700 is a fair starting point considering the factors like model performance improvement and the short data life. This price reflects my willingness to negotiate while still aiming for an advantageous deal.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects the current market demand and the moderate improvements in model performance, while also being a step towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1690. This price reflects my continued assessment of the market conditions and the need for a more competitive offer while recognizing the improvements mentioned by the seller. I believe it's a fair step closer to finding common ground.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1720. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between our previous offers, taking into account the moderate improvements in performance and the current market demand.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1680. I believe this price is still competitive and reflects my willingness to negotiate while considering the seller's previous offers and the current market context.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the previous offers and recognizes the competitive nature of the market. It allows us to move forward while still valuing the product appropriately.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1680. This price reflects my willingness to negotiate while still recognizing the value of the product. It positions us closer to a fair agreement without straying too far from my previous offers.