Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The market value of 0.3 suggests a low demand or limited application in the current market; however, the capacity is noted as "enough," indicating that the product can handle demand if it arises. Given that many traits are NULL, which limits the ability to assess performance and utility fully, the price is kept conservative.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '8000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can attract interest in a competitive market. The market score of 0.3 suggests there is some demand, and while the data entropy is high (which typically implies valuable insights), the medium data life may limit long-term value. The lack of historical data does reduce confidence, but the overall traits suggest a product of reasonable value in its market segment.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:4725.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 10000. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, combined with the competitive market demand suggested by the market score of 0.3. The high data entropy implies valuable insights, making this data product an attractive investment for potential buyers.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4500. Given the low demand indicated by the market value of 0.3 and the presence of NULL traits that limit our ability to fully assess the product's performance, I believe this is a fair starting point for our negotiations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's potential value and current market dynamics, providing a fair opportunity for both parties to benefit.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4900. This price takes into account the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my assessment of the product's value in the current market conditions. I'm confident this is a fair compromise that respects both sides.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 4950. Given the ongoing negotiations and to strike a balance between our valuations, this slight increase reflects the product's potential while remaining mindful of the buyer's perspective. Let's move forward productively.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 4850. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the seller's recent increase while still being within my budget. Let's move closer to a deal that satisfies both parties.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 4900. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's capabilities while understanding the buyer's constraints. It's a competitive offer that recognizes the potential value while accommodating the current market dynamics.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller¡¯s recent offer and my budget constraints while still acknowledging the product's value. It's a reasonable and competitive proposal that reflects my continued interest in reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 4850. This price reflects the current market dynamics and acknowledges your previous offer while still valuing the product appropriately. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4750. This price is a fair compromise that reflects my continued interest in the product while being mindful of my budget constraints. I believe it's a reasonable step towards reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 4800. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the product's value and aligns well with the buyer's previous offers while taking into account the market conditions. Let's find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4750. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's recent offer and my budget considerations, while still respecting the product's perceived value and market conditions. Let's work together to finalize this deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects the ongoing negotiations and maintains a fair assessment of the product's value in light of market conditions.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4700. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that reflects my budget constraints while still valuing the product and acknowledging the seller's perspective on market conditions. Let's find a middle ground that works for both of us.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4750. Given the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's consistent offers around this range, I believe this price reflects a fair market value while considering the product's potential and the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4700. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between your offer and my budget constraints while still recognizing the value of the product. Let's move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.