Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and a medium data life, which indicates it can serve a moderate level of demand. However, the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, History, and Market limits the confidence. Given the medium data life, it still holds some value in a niche market.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which indicates it can enhance existing models effectively. The market score of 0.3 suggests there is some demand for the product, although it is not exceptionally high. The high data entropy suggests the data is complex and could yield valuable insights. However, the medium data life and lack of historical data may limit its long-term value and adoption. Overall, while there are positive traits, the uncertainty due to the lack of history and medium data life tempers the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1657.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 and the complexity of the data, which has the potential to yield valuable insights despite some limitations. I believe this price captures the value of the product effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The seller's offer of 1800 seems high given the limited information on Model Performance Improvement and other factors. While the potential for valuable insights exists, the uncertainties surrounding the data's overall value lead me to believe that a lower price is more appropriate.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the significant insights provided by the data while acknowledging the uncertainties regarding its overall value.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price reflects my recognition of the insights provided by the data while still considering the uncertainties associated with its overall value. I believe this offer strikes a fair balance and respects the context of our negotiations.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1660. This price reflects my recognition of the valuable insights you mentioned while also accounting for the uncertainties regarding the overall data value. Let's find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1655. This price maintains a slight advantage over your offer while still recognizing the value of the insights provided. I believe it's a fair compromise that reflects both the strengths and uncertainties of the data. Let¡¯s move forward towards an agreement.