Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and a market rating of 0.5, indicating a moderate demand. However, the absence of critical traits such as Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, and Data Life suggests uncertainty in its effectiveness and longevity. Hence, the valuation is conservative.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating some potential for enhancing outcomes. The capacity is sufficient, which is a positive trait. However, the low data entropy suggests that the data may be less varied, which could limit its applicability. The short data life indicates that the product may not be sustainable over the long term, and the NULL history raises concerns about its reliability and past performance. The market rating of 0.5 suggests a moderate demand. Overall, these factors lead to a cautious valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2225.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 3500. This price reflects the moderate potential of the data product, considering its Model Performance Improvement and sufficient capacity, despite some concerns about data variety and sustainability.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. Given the moderate market rating and the absence of critical traits such as Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, and Data Life, this price better reflects the uncertainties surrounding the data product's effectiveness and longevity.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2500. The data product has potential, and while I'm mindful of the concerns raised, I believe this price reflects a fair balance between its capabilities and the uncertainties involved.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2400. The potential of this data product is recognized, but I must remain cautious of the uncertainties mentioned. This price reflects my willingness to engage while still considering the risks involved.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2450. This price reflects my recognition of the data product's potential while still considering the inherent risks associated with it. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' perspectives.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2400. I believe this price remains a fair representation of the data product's value, taking into account the potential it offers while still being cautious about the associated risks. This puts us in a competitive position to reach an agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2450. I believe this price reflects the product's potential while taking into account the uncertainties we've discussed. It's a fair middle ground for both parties, and I am confident it represents the value of the data product adequately.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2400. I believe this price is a reasonable acknowledgment of the product's potential while still being cautious of the associated uncertainties. It's a fair offer that reflects my confidence in the value of the data product, and I hope it encourages us to move closer to an agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2400. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the potential of the data product and the concerns we've discussed.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2300. I believe this price strikes a solid balance between acknowledging the data product's potential and the risks we've discussed. It's a reasonable step forward that reflects our ongoing negotiation.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2350. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the potential of the data product while remaining mindful of the associated risks. It's a strategic move to find common ground and keep the negotiations progressing.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2250. I believe this price better reflects the current market dynamics and the inherent uncertainties surrounding the data product. It allows us to continue moving forward in negotiations while acknowledging the value and potential risks involved.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2300. This price reflects a balanced acknowledgment of the data product's potential while considering the ongoing uncertainties and market dynamics. I believe this is a fair point for both of us to continue our negotiation.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2200. I believe this price reflects a solid understanding of the data product's value while remaining mindful of the uncertainties we both acknowledge. This offer aims to facilitate our negotiation and move us toward a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2250. This price reflects a cautious yet optimistic stance on the product's potential while remaining mindful of the market uncertainties we¡¯ve discussed in previous rounds. I believe this is a fair middle ground that encourages further negotiation.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2200. I believe this price reflects a fair recognition of the product's value while remaining competitive in light of market uncertainties. It's a balanced approach that acknowledges the ongoing negotiations and aims to move us closer to an agreement.