Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product has a medium data life and sufficient capacity, suggesting it has practical utility. However, the lack of information regarding model performance improvement and data entropy limits its overall value. The market score of 0.3 indicates a low to moderate demand, which also restrains the potential price.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a reasonable enhancement in performance, which can attract potential users. The capacity being "enough" suggests it can handle data needs adequately. However, the high data entropy indicates complexity, which might require advanced handling or processing. The medium data life suggests it will remain relevant for a certain period but may not sustain long-term value. The market value of 0.3 indicates there is some demand, but not overwhelming. Given these factors, a price around 5000 seems justified, balancing potential and limitations.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2225.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the significant performance improvement indicated by the Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which suggests a valuable enhancement for potential users. The capacity being "enough" means it can adequately support data needs, and while the complexity due to high data entropy may require advanced handling, I believe the overall value justifies this premium price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. Given the medium data life and sufficient capacity, while the product presents some utility, the low market score of 0.3 and concerns about data entropy suggest that a significantly lower price is more appropriate.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 3000. The performance improvement cited by the buyer is noteworthy, but I still believe that the low market score warrants a more reasonable price. This price reflects a fair compromise between our previous offers and acknowledges the value of the product.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2900. The seller's proposed price of 3000 is close to what I believe reflects the value of the product, but I'm confident that my offer better acknowledges the performance improvements while still being reasonable considering the concerns regarding the market score. Let's keep moving towards a fair deal.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2800. The previous offers reflect a sincere effort from both sides, and I believe this new price is a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's performance improvements while also considering the market score concerns.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2700. I believe this reflects a reasonable value for the product, taking into account both the performance improvements and the persistent concerns regarding the market score. This offer represents a commitment to reach a fair agreement while also acknowledging the seller's recent proposal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2600. I believe this price reflects the product's improved performance while still acknowledging the market score concerns. It¡¯s a fair compromise as we work toward a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2500. This price takes into account the product's improved performance while still being mindful of the market score concerns. It reflects a fair and reasonable compromise as we move closer to an agreement that benefits us both.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2400. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's performance improvements while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about the market score. I'm confident that this figure strikes a fair compromise that leads us closer to an agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2300. This price takes into account the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my perspective on the product's value and the market score concerns. I believe this figure is reasonable and brings us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2400. This price reflects the ongoing improvements in performance while also addressing the market score concerns, aiming for a fair compromise that benefits both parties.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2300. I believe this price strikes a balance by acknowledging the seller's improvements while also reflecting my perspective on value. It's a fair compromise that ensures both parties can move forward positively.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2400. This price reflects the improved performance of the product while also considering the market score concerns we've discussed. It strikes a balance between the value of the product and the buyer's perspective, aiming for a fair resolution.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2300. I believe this price reflects the improvements in the product's performance while still considering the market score concerns we've discussed. It's a reasonable compromise that acknowledges both the seller's position and my budget constraints.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2400. I believe this price reflects the improved performance of the product while still acknowledging the market score concerns. It strikes a balance that can facilitate a mutually beneficial agreement as we move forward.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2300. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the product's improved performance while remaining mindful of the ongoing market score concerns. It aligns with my budget and aims for a mutually beneficial agreement as we move closer to finalizing this deal.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 2300. This price reflects our ongoing negotiations and aims for a fair compromise, considering the improved performance of the product while still acknowledging the market concerns. Let's move closer to a deal!
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 2200. This price acknowledges the seller's current offer while still reflecting my assessment of the product's value given the market conditions. I'm committed to finding a mutually beneficial agreement and believe this is a step toward closing the deal.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 2250. This price reflects the recent discussions and acknowledges the product's improved performance while considering the buyer's budget constraints. I believe this represents a fair compromise that can lead us to a successful agreement.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 2200. I believe this price accurately reflects the improved performance of the product while still addressing my budget concerns. It represents a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the value of the product in light of our previous discussions.