Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity and high data entropy, suggesting it can handle complex data well and may be useful for advanced analytics or machine learning applications. However, the absence of information on Model Performance Improvement, Data Life, History, and Market limits the valuation, leading to a moderate price estimate.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a substantial Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 and adequate capacity, indicating it can enhance performance significantly. However, the high data entropy suggests complexity and potential challenges in usability. The medium data life means it may not be as valuable long-term, and the market score of 0.3 indicates limited demand. Given these factors, the expected price reflects the potential benefits while accounting for market limitations.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:5225.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 and the potential enhancements the data product can provide, despite its complexity and medium market score. I believe this price accurately represents the value and capabilities of the product in the current market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4800. While I recognize the potential enhancements and the Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement and other critical factors suggest a more conservative valuation. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's current market position and my valuation concerns.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the value and significant improvements in model performance, while still being reasonable for both parties. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the buyer's concerns while offering a strong deal.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price is a balanced compromise that acknowledges the seller's improvements while still reflecting my valuation concerns. It¡¯s a fair midpoint that respects both parties' positions and allows us to move forward in negotiations.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5450. Given the consistent interest from both sides and the potential value of the data product, I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while still recognizing the improvements and enhancements made.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price is a reasonable reflection of our ongoing discussions and the value of the data product, while also respecting the seller's recent offer. It keeps us in a competitive range and demonstrates my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5450. Given the ongoing discussions and the improvements we've highlighted, this price represents a fair balance between our perspectives, while still recognizing the value of the enhancements made. I believe this is a reasonable step forward in our negotiations.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the enhancements made while still aligning with my valuation concerns. It¡¯s a fair step forward in our negotiations.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5400. This price reflects a fair balance, considering the enhancements made to the product and the discussions we've had. It acknowledges the buyer's concerns while still valuing the significant improvements that have been implemented.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, taking into account the enhancements discussed by the seller while still maintaining a cautious approach to my investment.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5350. This price reflects the enhancements made to the product while remaining competitive and approachable for the buyer, given their previous offer of 5300. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the improvements while recognizing the buyer's cautious approach.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5250. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, considering the seller's recent offer of 5350 and my ongoing concerns about the value of the product. It acknowledges the enhancements while also staying within my budget constraints.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5300. This price reflects the ongoing enhancements and improvements in the product, while also considering the buyer's previous offer of 5250. It represents a fair and competitive value that acknowledges both parties' perspectives in this negotiation.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5200. I believe this price is a reasonable adjustment reflecting my previous offer while still considering the enhancements presented by the seller. It balances my budget constraints with the need to recognize the value of the product.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5250. This price acknowledges the buyer's previous offer while still reflecting the enhancements and value of the product. It presents a fair compromise to move forward in this negotiation.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5200. This price reflects my continued commitment to balancing my budget constraints with the perceived value of the product. I believe it presents a reasonable compromise while recognizing the seller's position and the enhancements made to the product. Let's move closer to a final agreement.