Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and high data entropy, indicating potential for valuable insights. However, the NULL traits suggest limited information on model performance and data life, leading to uncertainty. The market value of 0.3 points to a low demand, which affects the overall price.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has a model performance improvement of 0.2, which indicates a decent enhancement in performance. The capacity is sufficient, and while data entropy is high, this suggests a rich and varied dataset. However, the medium data life may reduce its long-term value. The market score of 0.3 indicates a lower demand or saturation, which impacts the price. Overall, the combination of these traits leads to a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1675.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the considerable model performance improvement of 0.2 and a rich dataset with high data entropy. While the medium data life and market score may temper long-term value, the enhancements and complexity of the data warrant a premium.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The seller's price of 1800 appears too high given the uncertainties regarding the data life and market demand. My offer reflects the need to account for these risks while still recognizing the potential value of the product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects the improved model performance and acknowledges the value of the rich dataset while still accounting for the associated risks.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price takes into account the seller's acknowledgment of improved model performance and dataset value, while still addressing the risks involved. It represents a fair compromise to move the negotiation forward.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1680. I believe this price reflects a balanced consideration of the improved model performance and the inherent risks associated with data life and market demand. Let's move forward and finalize this deal.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1670. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the improved model performance while still addressing the inherent risks associated with data life and market demand. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.