Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity and high data entropy, which indicates that it can handle complex datasets and provide valuable insights. However, the absence of Model Performance Improvement and market data limits its potential value. Given these factors, a moderate price is justified.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) which indicates potential for better outcomes in applications. The capacity is sufficient, suggesting that it can handle the necessary data loads. However, the high data entropy suggests complexity in understanding or utilizing the data effectively. The medium data life indicates a reasonable time frame for the product's relevance, but the NULL history might raise concerns about its track record or reliability. The market score of 0.3 suggests limited demand, which could affect pricing. Overall, while there are positive traits, the presence of NULL values and a low market score tempers the expected value.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1660.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the potential for better outcomes in applications due to the moderate Model Performance Improvement, along with the capacity to handle necessary data loads. While there are complexities due to high data entropy, I believe the value justifies this initial offer given the product's attributes and future relevance.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. Given the product's potential and attributes, I believe a price of 1500 is fair considering the absence of Model Performance Improvement and the limitations posed by market data. This price reflects my assessment of the product's current value while still allowing for a reasonable negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's value and market demand, while also acknowledging the buyer's interest in potential outcomes.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while still acknowledging the necessity for a competitive offer. It allows for a potential agreement that benefits both parties without exceeding the current market expectations.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects a compromise between our previous offers and takes into account the value of the data product while still being competitive in the market.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price is a fair reflection of the ongoing negotiations and aligns with my previous offers, recognizing the value of the data product while aiming for a competitive agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between value and market demand, while also considering the insights provided in our previous negotiations. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price reflects my commitment to achieving a fair deal while still considering the value of the product in the current market context. I believe it strikes a reasonable balance and can facilitate a successful agreement for both parties.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1680. This reflects a strategic adjustment that acknowledges the buyer's previous offer while still maintaining a fair value for the product. I believe this price captures the essence of our negotiations and sets the stage for a productive agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price reflects my continued commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement while remaining competitive in this negotiation. It acknowledges the seller's previous offers and maintains a fair balance in our discussions.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1670. This price reflects a strategic balance between recognizing the product's value and the competitive market landscape. I'm looking to make a fair deal that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise given the previous negotiations and aligns with my assessment of the product's value. It acknowledges the seller's position while still being competitive in the current market landscape.