Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be valuable in competitive markets, especially if the product is well-positioned. However, the lack of additional information such as data entropy, data life, history, and market insights limits the overall assessment. Therefore, the price reflects potential value while accounting for uncertainty due to the missing traits.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.2 suggests a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be attractive to potential users. However, the high data entropy indicates complexity, which may require additional resources for interpretation or implementation. The medium data life suggests the product is relevant but may not have long-term sustainability. The market score of 0.3 indicates a lower demand, which could limit the price. Overall, these factors balance out to a moderate expected price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1675.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the enhanced model performance improvement of 0.2, which suggests significant value for potential users, despite the complexities involved due to high data entropy. The moderate expected price aligns with the product's relevance, and I believe this offer captures its true worth in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. Given the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, I believe this price reflects a fair starting point considering the uncertainties surrounding data entropy and other missing information. Let's work together to find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the model's enhanced performance and the uncertainties we've discussed, aiming for a fair agreement that recognizes both parties' positions.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price reflects my appreciation for the enhanced performance of the model while still addressing the uncertainties we've discussed. I believe this is a fair compromise that aligns our interests.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1680. This price reflects a fair understanding of the model's value while considering the uncertainties involved. I believe this is a reasonable compromise that recognizes both the performance and the associated challenges.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1670. This price acknowledges the seller's reasonable evaluation of the model's value while also considering the market dynamics and uncertainties involved. I believe this offer strikes a balanced compromise that reflects both parties' interests.