Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a positive enhancement that could be valuable in a competitive market. However, the lack of data on entropy, history, and market limits the confidence in assessing the product's full potential. The medium data life suggests it has some longevity. Given these factors, a moderate price is justified, but the uncertainty due to missing traits reduces the overall confidence in this valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a decent Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which indicates that it has the potential to enhance performance effectively. The capacity being "enough" suggests that it can handle the required data without issues. However, high data entropy and medium data life might limit its long-term usability and stability. The market value of 0.3 indicates moderate interest, which can impact pricing. Given these factors, the expected price reflects both the potential and limitations.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:4625.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the solid Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, which indicates a significant potential to enhance performance effectively. While considering the product's capacity, it's clear it can handle data requirements without issues. The market interest at a value of 0.3 supports this pricing as well. I believe this is a fair starting point for negotiations.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4800. While the Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 is promising, the lack of data on entropy and market limits my confidence in the full potential of the product. Therefore, I believe a more moderate price is appropriate given these uncertainties.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. This price reflects the strong performance potential and market interest you mentioned while also addressing my concerns about data limitations. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4900. This price acknowledges the seller's concerns while still reflecting the value I see in the product's strong performance potential and market interest. I believe this is a reasonable step towards reaching an agreement that satisfies both parties.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 4950. I believe this price reflects the value of the product while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about data limitations. It's a reasonable compromise that still aligns with the product's potential in the market.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 4850. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the seller's valuation and my concerns about the product's data limitations. It acknowledges the potential while still being mindful of the risks involved.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 4900. I believe this price reflects the product's potential while addressing the concerns we've discussed about data limitations. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the value while still being mindful of market risks.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 4850. I believe this price strikes a balance between the value of the product and the concerns we've discussed regarding data limitations. It reflects my commitment to reaching a fair agreement while considering the current market dynamics.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 4900. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's potential while considering the market dynamics and the concerns we've discussed in previous rounds. Let's move towards a resolution.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price strikes a balance between the product's potential and the market uncertainties we have discussed. It's a reasonable step forward in our negotiations, and I am confident it reflects the value we can agree upon. Let's work towards closing this deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 4850. This reflects a reasonable adjustment considering the ongoing discussions and the buyer's previous offer. I'm confident this price balances the product's value with the market's potential while addressing the concerns raised in prior rounds.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4750. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise based on our ongoing discussions and the need to balance the perceived risks with the product's potential value. It acknowledges the seller's position while still being mindful of my budget constraints.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4800. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the market conditions and the inherent uncertainties surrounding the product's capabilities. I believe it¡¯s a fair midpoint that acknowledges both the buyer's concerns and the product's potential.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4700. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance considering the ongoing discussions and the seller's concerns about market uncertainties. It reflects my continued commitment to finding common ground while acknowledging the value of the product.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4750. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the current market dynamics and your previous offer, while still valuing the potential of the product. I believe this is a fair compromise that can lead us closer to a deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4650. I believe this price reflects a reasonable adjustment given the current negotiations and the seller's last offer. It acknowledges the potential of the product while still being mindful of my budget constraints. Let¡¯s work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 4700. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering both the market dynamics and the product's potential while still addressing the buyer's budget constraints. Let's find common ground and move toward a successful deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 4600. This price reflects my understanding of the ongoing negotiations and the need to balance value with the constraints we've encountered in previous rounds. I'm looking to reach a mutually beneficial agreement while staying within my budget.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 4650. This price reflects a fair adjustment considering the ongoing negotiations and the current market dynamics. I believe it aligns closely with both the perceived value of the product and the buyer's budget constraints. Let's move forward and find common ground.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 4600. This price takes into account the ongoing negotiations and the need to find a mutually beneficial agreement. While I recognize the seller's perspective, I believe my offer reflects a fair assessment of the current market conditions and the product's perceived value. Let's finalize this deal.