Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in model performance, which can be attractive to potential buyers. The market factor of 0.3 suggests a decent level of demand, although the presence of NULL traits limits the robustness of the evaluation. Given that there is enough capacity and a medium data life, the product holds some value, but the uncertainty surrounding the NULL traits diminishes confidence in the price estimate.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a notable enhancement, which can significantly benefit users. The capacity being "enough" suggests that it can handle user demands adequately. However, the high data entropy could imply a complexity that might require additional resources to interpret or use effectively. The medium data life indicates that the product is not permanent but still has a reasonable duration of usefulness, while the market score of 0.3 suggests a moderately favorable demand. Overall, the combination of these traits suggests a product with decent potential value, though the lack of historical data limits confidence in its sustained performance.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:14505.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the notable enhancement indicated by the model performance improvement of 0.2, which can significantly benefit users. The product's capacity is adequate for user demands, but the high data entropy suggests a complexity that necessitates careful interpretation. Overall, the combination of these factors justifies the premium price I am asking for.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. The price of 18000 is excessively high, especially given the uncertainties surrounding the NULL traits and the medium confidence in the valuation. While the model performance improvement is noted, the risks involved do not warrant such a premium. My offer reflects a more reasonable assessment of the product¡¯s worth in the current market context.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. The data product provides exceptional value with its advanced features and proven performance improvements, making it a worthwhile investment. I believe this price reflects both the quality and the benefits it brings to the user.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14000. The data product does have notable features, but I still believe there are uncertainties and risks that need to be factored in. This price reflects a more balanced view of the value versus the potential challenges.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects my recognition of the value this product can deliver while still taking into account the ongoing uncertainties and risks.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price maintains a fair balance between acknowledging the product's value and addressing the uncertainties and risks involved.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14550. I believe this price reflects the significant value the product brings while also considering the buyer's perspective on risks. It strikes a fair balance that recognizes both the exceptional benefits and the need for caution.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14450. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between recognizing the product's value and acknowledging the inherent risks involved. It reflects my willingness to negotiate while still keeping in mind the cautious approach needed in this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14580. I believe this price reflects the significant value and performance improvements of the product while also considering the ongoing conversations we've had about balancing risks. It's a competitive offer that should align with both our interests.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14540. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the value of the product and the risks we've discussed. While I recognize the seller's perspective on performance improvements, I'm aiming for a price that reflects our ongoing negotiations and the uncertainties involved.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14560. This price reflects the ongoing negotiations and acknowledges the product's significant value while still being mindful of the uncertainties discussed. Let's find a common ground that works for both of us.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while taking into account the uncertainties we've discussed. It's a reasonable step towards reaching an agreement that satisfies both parties.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14550. This price reflects the ongoing negotiations and aims to balance the product's value with the associated uncertainties. It positions us close to the buyer's previous offer while maintaining a fair assessment of the product's worth. Let¡¯s work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14500. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer and reflects my assessment of the product's value while considering the ongoing uncertainties. I believe this is a reasonable and fair offer that can facilitate a swift conclusion to our negotiations. Let¡¯s work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14520. This price reflects the consistent value we've discussed while acknowledging the buyer's perspective on risks. I'm confident this is a fair midpoint that facilitates progress towards a deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between the value of the product and the risks involved. It reflects my ongoing commitment to find a fair agreement while moving closer to a deal that benefits both parties.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 14510. This price reflects a slight adjustment towards the buyer's last offer, acknowledging the ongoing negotiations and the need for a mutually beneficial agreement. Let's aim to close this deal effectively.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 14500. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's efforts to reach a compromise while still valuing the product appropriately. I'm confident this offer is fair and aims to bring us closer to closing this deal efficiently.