Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.2 indicates a significant enhancement over baseline performance, which is valuable for users looking to optimize their models. However, the high data entropy suggests that the data may be complex and potentially difficult to interpret. The lack of information on data life, history, and market limits the confidence in the overall value, but the existing traits still indicate a product with potential utility in certain applications.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.2 indicates a reasonable enhancement that can attract users, especially in a market with a demand level of 0.3. However, the high data entropy suggests complexity, which may deter some potential buyers. The medium data life indicates that while the product is not new, it still has relevance. The lack of a historical performance record may limit confidence in its reliability, but the overall traits suggest a moderate value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1615.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the enhanced model performance improvement and the current demand in the market, indicating a strong value proposition for potential buyers.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. The performance improvement is indeed significant, but the high data entropy and lack of detailed history and market information suggest a need for caution. A lower price reflects my assessment of the associated risks while still acknowledging the potential value of the data product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects the strong model performance and market demand highlighted by the buyer while also addressing the risks associated with high data entropy. I believe this is a fair and balanced price that can lead us closer to a successful agreement.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1550. This price acknowledges the seller's position while still reflecting the value I see in the data product. It strikes a balance between the previous offers and the need for a reasonable compromise that can facilitate a swift agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1625. I believe this price strikes a balance between the market demand and the risks involved, reflecting the true value of the data product while still being competitive.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects the strong model performance and market demand we have discussed, while also considering the seller's concerns about risks. This offer aims for a fair compromise and keeps us moving towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects the strong model performance and increasing market demand while still addressing the risks associated with high data entropy. It represents a fair value that balances both our interests.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that reflects the strong model performance while also considering the risks associated with high data entropy. It balances our interests effectively, and I am confident it represents fair value for both parties.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects the strong model performance and market demand while also addressing the risks associated with high data entropy. I believe this is a fair compromise that values the product appropriately.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1625. This price acknowledges the seller's offer and reflects my willingness to meet in the middle, balancing the strong model performance and the market demand with the associated risks. I believe this is a strategic move to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects the strong performance of the model while also considering the ongoing market demand, and I believe it strikes a fair balance given the previous discussions.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price reflects my recognition of the strong performance of the model while also considering the ongoing market dynamics. It aims to strike a fair balance between our previous discussions and the value I see in this transaction.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1620. This price reflects the strong model performance and the increasing market demand while still addressing the associated risks. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' interests and could facilitate a successful agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1610. This price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's recent offer and my assessment of the market demand and model performance. It reflects my continued interest in reaching a mutually beneficial agreement while remaining mindful of the associated risks in the current climate.