Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement is moderate at 0.2, indicating some effectiveness in enhancing performance. The capacity is sufficient, which is a positive aspect. However, the high data entropy suggests potential complexity in data interpretation and usage. The market score of 0.3 implies that there is some demand, but the lack of data life and history traits introduces uncertainty. Overall, the product has value due to its performance potential and market presence, but the missing traits limit confidence in its overall worth.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement is relatively strong at 0.2, indicating that the product can enhance outcomes. However, the market demand is limited at 0.3, suggesting that while there is potential value, it may not be widely sought after. Additionally, high data entropy indicates complexity, which could require significant expertise to leverage effectively. The medium data life suggests it has some durability but may not be long-lasting. Overall, the combination of these factors leads to a moderately priced product.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the strong model performance improvement of 0.2, which showcases the significant potential of our data product to enhance outcomes. The complexity indicated by high data entropy, paired with medium durability, adds considerable value despite the limited market demand. Therefore, I believe this price captures the true worth of what we are providing.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. Given the moderate performance improvement of 0.2 and the high data entropy, I believe the complexity and uncertainty surrounding this data product limit its overall value. I see potential, but at this stage, my offer reflects a cautious approach towards its worth.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. The product has undeniable complexity and potential, and while the market demand is limited, I believe this price reflects a fair valuation that acknowledges both its capabilities and the associated risks.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14900. The product's complexity and potential are acknowledged, but I believe a slightly lower price reflects a more accurate valuation given the current market conditions and the inherent risks involved.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14000. This price reflects the current market conditions while recognizing the complexity and potential of the product. I believe this is a fair compromise that considers both the risks involved and the buyer's interest.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 13900. I believe this price reflects my ongoing interest in the product while still accounting for the inherent risks and complexities that the seller has highlighted. It provides a fair negotiation point that acknowledges the market conditions and the potential value of the product.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 13500. This price reflects the complexities and risks associated with the product while also acknowledging the buyer's interest. It's a fair compromise that considers the potential and market conditions.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 13400. This price reflects my continued interest in the product while also considering the seller's concerns about complexity and market conditions. It maintains a balance between my valuation and the risk factors highlighted, moving us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 13500. I believe this price reflects the fair market conditions and acknowledges the product's complexities while also considering the buyer's interest. Let's move forward with this negotiation.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 13400. I believe this price remains competitive and fair, reflecting my understanding of the product's complexities while still acknowledging the seller's perspective. Let's work together to finalize this deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 13450. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's unique complexities and the ongoing market dynamics, while still acknowledging the buyer's interest in a strong deal.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 13350. I believe this price is fair considering the ongoing negotiations and the complexities surrounding the product. It demonstrates my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement while still recognizing the seller's perspective on market dynamics.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 13400. The ongoing negotiations have highlighted the complexities and uncertainties of the product, and I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges both its potential and the market conditions.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 13300. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the seller's perspective on the product's complexities while still demonstrating my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 13350. I believe this price acknowledges the complexities of the product while still reflecting its potential value in the market. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 13250. I believe this price strikes a balance by considering the product's complexities and the current market conditions while still reflecting my commitment to reaching a fair agreement. Let's continue to negotiate towards a resolution that satisfies both parties.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 13200. This price reflects the ongoing negotiations and acknowledges the complexities of the product while also aiming to find a mutually beneficial agreement as we approach the final rounds.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 13100. This price reflects my continued interest in the product while considering the complexities and market dynamics at play. I'm confident that this offer provides a fair and reasonable compromise as we approach the final stages of our negotiations.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 13250. This price reflects my confidence in the product's potential while acknowledging the current market dynamics and buyer's concerns. It strikes a balance between value and feasibility, aiming for a fair agreement.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 13100. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing market dynamics and previous offers. It acknowledges the seller's confidence in the product while remaining within my budgetary constraints.