Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a sufficient capacity and a moderate market score of 0.4, indicating some level of demand. However, the presence of multiple NULL traits suggests that there is limited information available regarding its performance, longevity, and data characteristics, which can affect buyer confidence and perceived value.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 suggests a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be attractive in a competitive market. The capacity being "enough" indicates that the product can handle a reasonable amount of data. However, the high data entropy could suggest that the data is complex, which may require specialized knowledge or tools to interpret effectively. The medium data life implies that while the data is useful, it may not have long-term relevance. The market score of 0.4 indicates a lower demand, but it\'s not negligible. Overall, the combination of these factors leads to a moderate expected price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1732.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement and the complexity of the data, which can be valuable in the right hands.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. Given the limited information available regarding the product's performance and characteristics, I believe that a lower price is more reflective of its current value in the market.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects a balance between the enhanced performance and the considerations of the product's value based on the data complexity. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' perspectives.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the seller's perspective while still considering the enhanced performance and value that I see in the product. This offer aims to bridge our positions effectively.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the buyer's interest in the enhanced performance while still considering the value I place on the data product. Let's move closer to a deal.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price reflects my recognition of the product's enhanced performance while also considering the need for a reasonable compromise. I believe this is a fair step towards finalizing our deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects the high value of the data product while remaining competitive, considering the buyer's interest in enhanced performance and the recent offers. Let's finalize this deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1725. This price strikes a balance between the value of the data product and my interest in securing a favorable deal, while still acknowledging the seller's recent offer of 1750. Let's work towards concluding this agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the product's strong performance and value, aligning with the buyer's recent interest while still maintaining a competitive edge. Let's finalize this deal!
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1720. The product's strong performance and value are evident, and I want to meet you closer to your offer while still ensuring I secure a fair deal. Let's work together to finalize this!
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1740. This price reflects the product's strong performance and the growing interest from the buyer, while also allowing for a reasonable negotiation space.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1725. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's valuation of the product's strong performance and my desire to secure a favorable deal. It's a reasonable offer that reflects the ongoing negotiations and shows my commitment to reaching an agreement.