Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and high data entropy, which suggests it can handle a significant amount of diverse information, potentially adding value. However, the absence of model performance improvement, data life, and history limits the overall confidence in its effectiveness and reliability. The market rating of 0.4 indicates moderate demand, leading to a conservative valuation.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.2 indicates a reasonable enhancement over existing models, which is valuable in competitive markets. The capacity being sufficient suggests that it can handle current demands, but the high data entropy and medium data life may limit its longevity and usability. The market score of 0.4 indicates moderate demand. Overall, while there are some limitations, the product still holds value for certain use cases.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1475.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant performance improvement of 0.2, which is highly valuable in competitive markets, despite some limitations in data longevity and usability.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. The product's performance improvement and market demand do not justify the initial offer of 1800, especially given the limitations in data longevity and usability. My valuation is conservative, reflecting the moderate market rating and the absence of substantial confidence in its reliability.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the value of the data product and the buyer's interest in performance improvements while considering the limitations we discussed.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price strikes a fair compromise, acknowledging the seller's perspective while still reflecting my interest in securing the data product at a reasonable value. This offer allows us to move closer to an agreement while considering the limitations discussed.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1550. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's value and the recent performance improvements while also acknowledging the buyer's previous offer of 1500. I believe this is a fair compromise that respects both parties' interests.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price reflects a reasonable understanding of the value while also considering the recent improvements. It shows my willingness to negotiate while still maintaining a fair position based on our previous discussions.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1550. Given the recent discussions and the buyer's last offer of 1500, I believe this price reflects a balanced approach that acknowledges the value of the data product while still considering the buyer's perspective. Let's find common ground here.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1525. I believe this price represents a reasonable compromise that reflects the value of the data product while still being mindful of my previous offers and the seller's perspective. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1550. This price reflects an appreciation of the value and recent improvements of the data product while remaining competitive in the current market landscape. I'm confident this is a fair offer that acknowledges both our positions.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1525. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering our previous discussions and the seller's latest offer. It acknowledges the value of the data product while still being within my budget constraints. Let's move towards finalizing this deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1550. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's value and the recent discussions we've had, while still aiming to find common ground.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1525. This price takes into account the seller's recent offer and aims for a fair compromise while acknowledging the value of the product. I'm confident this is a reasonable position that can facilitate our agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects the product's value and the recent improvements, while also acknowledging the buyer's consistent interest in reaching a fair agreement. Let's move forward with this offer.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price is a fair reflection of our ongoing negotiations and acknowledges the seller's perspective while still being mindful of my budget constraints. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1550. This price reflects the product's proven value and the ongoing interest from buyers, while also considering the previous discussions and offers we've exchanged. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both sides' positions.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1450. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the ongoing discussions and acknowledges the value of the product while being mindful of my budget constraints. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 1500. I believe this reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing discussions and the value of the data product, while also taking into account the buyer's previous offers and interest. Let's find a resolution that benefits both parties.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 1450. I believe this price is a reasonable reflection of our previous discussions and maintains a balance between your latest offer and my budget constraints. Let's work towards finalizing this deal in a way that satisfies both parties.