Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '500', 'reason': "The product has a sufficient capacity but a short data life and lacks critical performance metrics and history. The market demand is moderate (0.5), which indicates potential interest but not strong enough to command a high price. The presence of NULL traits raises uncertainty about the product's overall effectiveness and value.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product shows a model performance improvement of 0.2, which indicates that it has potential value for users looking to enhance their models. However, the low data entropy suggests that the data is not overly complex, which may limit its applications. Additionally, the short data life implies that the product may not be viable for long-term use, but the capacity is sufficient. The market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand. Overall, these factors point to a reasonable price, but the uncertainties surrounding the short data life and the NULL history impact confidence.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2500. This data product demonstrates a significant model performance improvement of 0.2, indicating its high potential value for users seeking to enhance their models. Despite some limitations in data complexity and life span, the strong performance warrants a premium price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 300. The product has a short data life and lacks critical performance metrics and history, which significantly limits its value. Additionally, the market demand is moderate, indicating that I should not exceed a reasonable offer given the uncertainties surrounding the product's effectiveness.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2000.0. This price reflects the significant value and performance improvement the data product provides while considering the buyer's concerns about its limitations. I believe it's a fair compromise that showcases the product's potential.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1800. This price takes into account the seller's latest offer while still being mindful of the product's limitations and my previous concerns. It reflects a willingness to negotiate while ensuring the deal remains favorable for me.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1900.0. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's significant performance improvements while still acknowledging the buyer's concerns about its limitations. I'm confident that this is a fair compromise that benefits both parties.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1800. This price reflects my recognition of the product's performance improvements while also taking into account the limitations we've discussed, such as its short data life and lack of critical metrics. I believe this offer is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges both the value and the concerns surrounding the product.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1850. This price reflects a reasonable compromise while still acknowledging the value and performance improvements of the data product. I'm confident this is a fair offer that considers both the enhancements and limitations discussed in our previous negotiations.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1750. I believe this price represents a balanced approach, recognizing the improvements in the product while still addressing the concerns regarding its limitations. It's a fair offer that reflects my commitment to finding a middle ground in our negotiations.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1800. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the product's significant performance improvements while also considering the buyer's concerns about its limitations.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance, recognizing the product's enhancements while still addressing the limitations that have been brought up in our discussions.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, taking into account the product's performance improvements while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about its limitations.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between acknowledging the seller's improvements while still considering the limitations that have been highlighted throughout our negotiations.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the product's notable performance improvements while also addressing the buyer's concerns about its limitations. I believe this is a fair value for both parties.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price acknowledges the seller's improvements while still addressing my concerns about the product's limitations. It's a reasonable offer that reflects my willingness to negotiate while keeping the budget in mind.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects the continued improvements of the product while addressing the buyer's concerns about its limitations. It's a reasonable compromise that allows us to move forward in this negotiation.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, considering the product's ongoing improvements and the limitations we have discussed. It's a reasonable step towards closing the deal while still addressing my budget constraints.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects the intrinsic value of the product while also considering the buyer's budget constraints. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the enhancements made and the concerns raised in previous discussions.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the product's enhancements and addressing the budget constraints I have. It's a reasonable offer that reflects my continued interest while also considering the product's limitations as discussed in prior rounds.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 1550. This price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while considering budget constraints and the enhancements it offers. I believe this is a reasonable compromise for both parties in this final round of negotiation.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 1450. This price reflects my assessment of the product's limitations and the previous offers made. While I recognize the enhancements mentioned, the budget constraints and the product's short data life lead me to propose a price that is still competitive and acknowledges the value at hand.