Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in the product\'s effectiveness. While there are several NULL traits that limit the understanding of its full value, the capacity being described as "enough" suggests that the product can handle a reasonable amount of data, which is a positive aspect. Given the potential application in data-driven industries, a price around this range seems reasonable, albeit with caution due to the lack of additional context.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement, which is beneficial for users seeking performance gains. The capacity is sufficient, suggesting that the product can handle the required workload. However, the high data entropy may imply complexity and potential challenges in data interpretation. The medium data life suggests it will remain relevant for a reasonable period, but the lack of historical data limits confidence in long-term performance. The market score of 0.4 indicates moderate demand. Overall, the blend of positive and negative traits leads to a conservative estimate.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2625.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 3000. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in model performance and the sufficient capacity of the product. While there are complexities due to high data entropy, the potential gains for users make this a valuable offering.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2500. While I acknowledge the seller's perspective on the product's moderate enhancement in model performance and sufficient capacity, I believe my offer reflects a more cautious approach considering the complexities involved. This price still presents an opportunity for mutual benefit, given the potential of the product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2900. This price reflects the value of the product's performance enhancement and capacity, while also considering the buyer's cautious approach. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the mutual benefits we can achieve.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2800. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's valuation while also maintaining my cautious approach. It acknowledges the product's potential while ensuring that I remain within a reasonable budget.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2850. This reflects the product's robust capabilities and the value it brings, while also considering your previous offer of 2800. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both our positions.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2750. I believe this price reflects a reasonable balance between the product's capabilities and my budget constraints. It acknowledges the seller's previous offers while still being mindful of the financial considerations involved.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2800. I believe this price reflects the balance between the product's significant value and the buyer's budget constraints, while still making progress in our negotiations. Let's move forward and finalize this deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2700. I believe this price is a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's valuation while still reflecting my budget constraints. I am keen to reach an agreement that benefits both parties and allows the transaction to move forward.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2750. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges both the value of the product and the buyer's budget constraints. Let's move towards finalizing this deal.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2650. I believe this price strikes a balance between the value of the product and my budget constraints while moving us closer to a final agreement. Let's work together to finalize this deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2700. This price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's value while also considering the buyer's budget constraints. I believe this will help us move closer to finalizing the deal.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2600. This price strikes a balance between my budget constraints and the value of the product. I believe it is a reasonable step towards finalizing this deal, while still acknowledging the seller¡¯s previous offer. Let's work together to reach an agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2650. This reflects a reasonable compromise considering both the product's value and the buyer's budget constraints. Let's work towards finalizing the deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2600. This price represents a solid commitment to moving forward while still being mindful of my budget constraints. I believe it balances both parties' interests and reflects the ongoing negotiation dynamics. Let¡¯s aim to finalize this deal.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2650. This price reflects the ongoing negotiations while still highlighting the product's value and the potential benefits it provides. I believe this is a reasonable compromise that recognizes both parties' perspectives.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2600. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the value of the product and my budget constraints. It's a reasonable step forward that acknowledges the seller's position while still being mindful of my limits.