Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be valuable in a competitive market. However, the market score of 0.4 suggests that while there is some demand, it may not be substantial. The absence of data entropy, life, and history limits the overall understanding of the product's value and longevity, but the existing traits suggest a reasonable baseline price in a potentially promising market.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a 0.2 Model Performance Improvement, which indicates it can provide a notable enhancement in performance. However, the high data entropy and medium data life suggest the data may have some complexity and limitations in its longevity. The market value of 0.4 indicates moderate demand, but the absence of historical data raises concerns about reliability and further reduces confidence. Overall, the expected price reflects its potential utility balanced against the uncertainties present.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the significant potential of the data product, showcasing a 0.2 Model Performance Improvement, which can provide a notable enhancement in performance despite some complexities and limitations. The value is backed by the moderate market demand, and I believe it truly represents the quality and utility of the data.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. Given the current market conditions and the moderate demand indicated by the score of 0.4, I believe this price reflects a more realistic valuation of the data product's potential. The Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 is promising, but the absence of data entropy, life, and history leads me to propose a more cautious approach to the price.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2000. The current market conditions and moderate demand still play a significant role in my valuation, but I am willing to move closer to a more agreeable price given the potential you see in this deal. Let's find a middle ground that reflects both our interests.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the potential of the deal and the current market conditions. I'm confident that we can find a mutually beneficial agreement as we move forward.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2100. I believe this price reflects the improved negotiation dynamics while still being mindful of current market conditions. It acknowledges the buyer's willingness to engage above their last offer and positions us favorably for further discussions.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2000. This price reflects my ongoing commitment to find a fair middle ground, recognizing the seller's increased offer while still being mindful of my budget constraints. I believe this amount is reasonable and aligns with the current market dynamics.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2050. Given the improved negotiation dynamics we've experienced, I believe this price strikes a fair balance between our positions while reflecting the potential I see in this deal. Let's continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price reflects a reasonable valuation given our previous discussions and the current negotiation dynamics. It allows us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement while still being within my budget constraints. Let's keep the momentum going.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2025. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the current market conditions and the ongoing negotiations, aiming to reach a satisfactory agreement for both parties.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1925. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the market conditions. It's a strategic move to keep the dialogue open while still aiming for a reasonable deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2000. This price reflects a balanced consideration of market conditions and previous negotiations, aiming to find a satisfactory agreement while being mindful of fair value.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this price reflects a fair consideration of our previous negotiations and the current market dynamics, allowing us to inch closer to a mutually beneficial agreement while still being mindful of my budget constraints.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1950. I believe this price strikes a balance between our previous discussions while reflecting the current market conditions. It allows us to move forward without compromising too much on either side.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1850. This price reflects my commitment to moving forward in our negotiations while still considering the market conditions and previous discussions. It represents a fair compromise that I believe both parties can agree upon.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1900. This price reflects a realistic assessment of current market conditions while also accommodating the buyer's previous offers. I believe this amount represents a fair compromise, fostering a productive dialogue as we move closer to a potential agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1800. This price reflects my assessment of the ongoing negotiation dynamics and the need to balance the seller's last offer with my budget constraints. I believe it represents a reasonable compromise as we continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 1850. This price reflects a fair compromise given our previous discussions and the current market conditions. Let's move toward a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 1750. I believe this price represents a fair and reasonable compromise considering our ongoing discussions and the evolving market conditions. Let's find common ground to reach an agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects a reasonable compromise based on our previous discussions and current market conditions. I believe this offer is fair and will facilitate a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price aligns with our ongoing negotiations and reflects my assessment of the current market conditions while still aiming for a fair compromise. I believe it offers a reasonable step forward for both parties.