Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and low data entropy, which suggests it is reliable and manageable. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement, data life, history, and market limits its overall value. The expected price reflects a balance between the available positive traits and the missing critical information.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The model shows a moderate performance improvement (MPI of 0.2) which can enhance existing systems, and the market demand is also moderate (0.5). However, the data life is short and there's a lack of historical context, which limits the long-term value. Despite these limitations, the acceptable capacity and low data entropy indicate that the product can still be useful in the short term, justifying a reasonable price.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1755.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate performance improvement and the current market demand for the data product, which can significantly enhance existing systems in the short term despite its limitations.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The offered price of 1800 is significantly lower than my expected value, but I believe 1600 reflects a fair compromise considering the product's limitations and the information gap regarding its performance and history. This price takes into account the potential benefits while remaining cautious about its overall value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects the growing interest and demand for the data product while still acknowledging its performance capabilities. I believe this is a fair and competitive offer in the current market.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price strikes a balance between my previous offer and the seller's current proposal, acknowledging the product's value while still being mindful of my budget. I believe this is a reasonable offer that reflects the ongoing negotiations and market dynamics.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the current market demand and acknowledges the value of the data product while aiming to reach a mutual agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1725. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, reflecting the value of the data product while also recognizing the seller's position. It demonstrates my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement without straying too far from the current market conditions.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1760. This price reflects the value of the data product while still considering the market demand and the discussions we've had in previous rounds. I believe this is a fair compromise that brings us closer to an agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1750. I believe this price strikes a balance between my previous offers and the seller's latest offer, while still reflecting the value and market demand for the data product. This compromise brings us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.