Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and a high data entropy, which suggests it can handle complex data sets and potentially provide valuable insights. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement and data life limits its overall value. Given the market rating of 0.5, the product is likely to attract moderate interest, justifying a price around this range.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The product shows a notable model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which indicates a significant enhancement in performance. The capacity is sufficient, and while the data entropy is high, suggesting complexity and variability in the data, the medium data life indicates that the data is still relevant but may not be cutting-edge. The market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand. Collectively, these traits support a reasonable valuation, though the lack of historical data decreases confidence slightly.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1625.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 8500. This price reflects the notable model performance improvement of 0.2, which indicates a significant enhancement in performance, and the product's sufficient capacity. While there is some complexity in the data, its medium relevance in the market supports this valuation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. Given the product's capacity and high data entropy, it has potential value for complex datasets, but the lack of information on model performance improvement and data life significantly limits its overall worth. The market rating of 0.5 suggests only moderate interest, which justifies a much lower price point.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2000. Given the limited information on performance and moderate market interest, this is a reasonable price that reflects the value of the data product while allowing room for negotiation.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this price balances the recognition of the seller's perspective on market conditions while still reflecting my confidence in the potential value of the data product. It shows I'm serious about closing the deal while keeping the negotiation dynamic.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2000. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the buyer's last offer of 1900 and the limited information available on market performance. It positions us for a productive negotiation while acknowledging the value of the data product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1800. I believe this price is a reasonable step forward, taking into account the seller's offer of 2000 while still reflecting my commitment to negotiate effectively. This amount acknowledges the value of the data product while also considering the current market conditions.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1900. This price reflects a reasonable compromise based on the buyer's last offer of 1800, while recognizing the potential value of the product in the market. Let's move forward and finalize this deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects a fair adjustment considering the seller's recent offer of 1900, while also acknowledging the need for a more competitive rate that aligns with my budget constraints. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects a competitive compromise, considering the buyer's last offer of 1700 and the market dynamics we've discussed. I'm confident this is a fair value for both parties involved.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price is a reasonable step forward, taking into account your last offer of 1800 while still aligning with my budget. It's a fair compromise that reflects my commitment to this negotiation and the value I see in the product.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise given the buyer's last offer of 1700, while also acknowledging the value of the product and the limited information available on its performance. This allows us to move forward in the negotiation process.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price reflects my assessment of the product's value while remaining competitive in our ongoing negotiations. I believe it demonstrates my commitment to reaching a fair agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the buyer's last offer of 1650 and the ongoing negotiation dynamics.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's last offer of 1700 while positioning us closer to an agreement that fits within my budget constraints. Let's find common ground and move forward.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise based on our previous discussions and acknowledges the buyer's interest while maintaining the value of the product. Let's work towards closing this deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price reflects my continued commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement while acknowledging the value of the product and the progress we've made in our negotiations. Let's finalize this deal!