Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': "The product has a notable Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 and a market score of 0.5, indicating a reasonable demand. The capacity is sufficient, but high data entropy and a medium data life suggest potential variability in the product's reliability and usability over time. The NULL history trait reduces confidence in long-term performance predictions. Overall, the price reflects these factors.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates that the product has a moderate level of effectiveness, which could appeal to specific market segments looking to enhance their existing models. The "enough" capacity suggests that it can handle a reasonable volume of data, and despite high data entropy, the medium data life indicates that the product has a sustainable value. The market score of 0.5 reflects a moderate demand, which supports the proposed price. However, the lack of historical data raises some uncertainty.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2275.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the moderate effectiveness of the product, as indicated by the Model Performance Improvement, and its sufficient capacity to handle data. Given the product's sustainable value and moderate demand, I believe this price is justified.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2000. Given the notable Model Performance Improvement and the medium data life, while there is some demand, the high data entropy and NULL history traits suggest potential risks that should significantly lower the price.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2500. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the potential risks associated with high data entropy and the sustainable value that the product can provide. It also considers the buyer's previous offer while aiming for a collaborative agreement.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2400. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's perspective while still reflecting my concerns regarding the high data entropy. It¡¯s a strategic compromise that promotes a collaborative approach towards finalizing this deal.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2450. This reflects a reasonable compromise between our previous discussions and acknowledges the buyer's concerns about risks while still valuing the product effectively.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2400. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's current offer while still being mindful of the risks involved. It aims to find a balance between our previous exchanges and the value of the product being discussed.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2425. I believe this reflects the fair value considering the previous discussions and the balance of risks involved. It acknowledges your concerns while also ensuring that we both see potential benefits in this agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2400. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my concerns about the risks involved. It keeps us in a reasonable negotiation range and allows for potential benefits for both parties as we move forward.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2400. This price reflects a reasonable balance between the risks involved and the value of the product, while also acknowledging the buyer's previous offers. Let's move towards a collaborative agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2300. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's position while still prioritizing my budget constraints. I believe this offer maintains a fair balance between the product's value and the associated risks. Let's work together towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2400. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing discussions and acknowledges the buyer's budget constraints while still valuing the product's worth. Let's move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2300. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the seller's current offer and my budget constraints while still valuing the product's worth. This slight adjustment maintains our momentum towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2350. This price reflects a reasonable compromise while still acknowledging the concerns both sides have raised about product effectiveness and value. It's a step towards collaboration while maintaining the integrity of the deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2250. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that takes into account our previous discussions while also respecting my budget constraints. It's a reasonable step towards achieving a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2300. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering our previous discussions and the buyer's budget constraints while still valuing the data product appropriately. Let's move towards a resolution!
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2250. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the seller's position and ensuring that the transaction aligns with my budget constraints. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement as we continue our discussions!