Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity, indicating it can handle a reasonable amount of data or processing needs. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement, data entropy, data life, and market conditions limits the overall valuation. Given these uncertainties, a moderate price reflects the potential value while accounting for the unknowns.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be attractive to users looking for effective solutions. The capacity being enough suggests that the product can handle the necessary workload, while a long data life indicates its relevance and usability over time. However, high data entropy may require more sophisticated handling and understanding, which could limit some potential users. The market score of 0.3 suggests a niche demand, but with the right targeting, the product could find its place. Overall, while there are some challenges, the positive aspects lead me to set a reasonable price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:14425.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the model's performance improvement, which is attractive to potential users, as well as the product's capacity and long data life. While there are some challenges with high data entropy and a niche market score, I believe the overall value justifies this premium.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. This price reflects the uncertainties regarding model performance improvement, data entropy, and market conditions, which limit my confidence in the product's overall value. I'm looking for a deal that acknowledges these factors.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. The data I am providing has demonstrated strong performance and has a long data life, making it a valuable asset. I believe this price reflects its worth while remaining reasonable for your budgetary considerations.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14000. The value of the data is significant, but I still have concerns regarding its long-term performance and the market's current conditions. This offer is a step closer to your price while still considering my budget constraints.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects the strong value of the data while also taking into account recent concerns regarding market conditions. It positions us fairly in this negotiation, allowing for a reasonable compromise.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the value of the data and my concerns regarding market conditions. It reflects a fair compromise while allowing us to move forward in this negotiation.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the strong value of the data, considering its performance and longevity while still being reasonable in light of market conditions.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I believe this is a fair and reasonable price given the previous discussions and the current market conditions. It's a solid offer that acknowledges the value of the data while also considering our past negotiations.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14500. The data has proven to be valuable, and I believe this price reflects its strong performance while considering the market conditions we've discussed. Let's find a resolution that acknowledges its worth.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price is a fair compromise that reflects the strong value of the data while also considering the market conditions we've discussed. Let's work towards a resolution that satisfies both parties.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14450. The value of the data is still strong, and I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about market conditions.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price maintains a fair stance that acknowledges the seller's perspective while still aligning with my concerns regarding market conditions and the value of the data. Let's find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14450. The data product has proven consistent value and performance, and I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering both parties' interests.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise given the ongoing discussions and the consistent value of the data product. This amount acknowledges the seller's perspective while maintaining my concerns regarding market conditions.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14450. The data's value is strong, and I believe this price reflects a fair compromise given the previous discussions and the current market dynamics.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the data's value while still considering the market dynamics we've discussed. It's a reasonable compromise that acknowledges both parties' interests and the potential long-term benefits of this transaction.