Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity, and while the market rating is low at 0.3, the presence of capacity suggests it can still fulfill some market needs. However, the numerous NULL traits indicate uncertainty in its effectiveness and potential performance, which keeps the expected price moderate.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating it can enhance existing models effectively. The capacity is adequate, and the data life is long, suggesting it can be used over an extended period. However, the high data entropy may indicate complexity and potential challenges in utilization. The market score of 0.3 is relatively low, implying limited demand. Overall, while the product displays some valuable traits, the market potential and high data entropy temper the overall valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:5425.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the product's significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, which can greatly enhance existing models. While there are challenges due to high data entropy, the long data life and adequate capacity suggest valuable long-term usage potential. I believe this offer represents a fair valuation given the product's capabilities.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4900. While I recognize the potential benefits of the product, the high data entropy and uncertainty in effectiveness lead me to set a more cautious price. My offer reflects a willingness to find common ground while considering the product's limitations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. The value of this data product is significant, considering its performance improvements and the long-term benefits it provides despite challenges in data entropy. This price reflects a fair compromise while still emphasizing the quality and reliability of the product.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price strikes a balance between the quality and value of the product while addressing my concerns about data uncertainty. It reflects a serious commitment to moving forward without compromising too much on my end.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5450. This price reflects the strong value and performance improvements of the product while addressing the buyer's concerns about data uncertainty. I'm confident this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the quality of what I'm offering.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, acknowledging the improvements and value of the product while still addressing my concerns about data uncertainty. It demonstrates my commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects the high quality and performance improvements of the product while addressing the buyer's concerns about data uncertainty. This is a fair and competitive offer that balances both parties' interests.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5400. This price acknowledges the seller's emphasis on quality and performance improvements while still reflecting my cautious approach regarding data uncertainty. It allows us to remain competitive and find common ground as we move forward in this negotiation.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the exceptional value and quality of the product while still considering the buyer's previous concerns about data uncertainty. Let's find a common ground that recognizes the product's long-term benefits.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the quality and value of the product while still being cautious about the data uncertainty concerns we've discussed in previous rounds. Let's work towards a fair agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the continued high value and performance improvements of the product, while also addressing the buyer's concerns about data uncertainties. It's a fair balance that recognizes the quality and long-term benefits of the product.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price strikes a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the product's value and performance improvements while still addressing my ongoing concerns about data uncertainties. It's a fair and balanced offer as we navigate this deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the strong value and performance improvements of the product while considering the buyer's previous concerns about data uncertainty. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the quality of the product and the buyer's cautious approach.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between acknowledging the product's value and my ongoing concerns about data uncertainty. It's a cautious yet reasonable offer that keeps the negotiation progressing.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5500. The product's exceptional quality and performance improvements warrant a price that reflects its true value while still acknowledging your concerns about data uncertainty. Let's find a middle ground that satisfies both parties.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5400. The product's value and quality are significant, and I believe this price strikes a fair balance while still addressing my concerns about data uncertainties. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5450. This price reflects the product's significant value and performance improvements, while also addressing the buyer's ongoing concerns about data uncertainty. I'm confident this is a fair and balanced offer that acknowledges both the product's worth and the buyer's cautious approach.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5400. This price reflects my understanding of the product's value while still addressing the concerns about data uncertainty that have been prominent in our discussions. I believe this offer is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges both the quality of the product and my cautious approach.