Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product has a long data life and sufficient capacity, which indicates it can be used effectively over time. However, the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, and Market limits the confidence in its overall value. The expected price reflects the potential utility despite the missing traits.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating it can enhance existing models effectively. The long data life suggests sustained relevance in the market, while the high data entropy implies richness and variability in the data, which can be valuable for diverse applications. However, the market score of 0.3 indicates limited current demand, and the lack of historical data leaves some uncertainty. Overall, the product has potential but is somewhat constrained by market conditions.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2125.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 3000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which positions our data product as a valuable enhancement for existing models. The rich variability indicated by the high data entropy further supports its applicability across diverse sectors. While market conditions show some limitations, the sustained relevance of the data suggests that this price is justified. Let's discuss this further.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1800. While I acknowledge the significance of the Model Performance Improvement and the high data entropy, I believe the current market conditions and lack of comprehensive information warrant a more conservative approach to pricing. Given these factors, I'm confident this is a fair starting point for our negotiations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2500.0. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement and high data entropy of the product while considering market conditions. I believe this is a fair middle ground that acknowledges the product's value.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2400. This price reflects my recognition of the significant value of the product, including its Model Performance Improvement and high data entropy, while still being mindful of market conditions. I believe this offer is a reasonable step towards finding common ground in our negotiation.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2450. This price reflects a balanced approach, acknowledging the product's significant Model Performance Improvement and high data entropy, while still considering market dynamics. Let's move toward closing this deal.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2400. This price reflects my recognition of the value presented by the product's significant Model Performance Improvement and high data entropy, while also aligning closely with the seller's current offer. I believe this is a fair and reasonable price to move forward with the deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2400. This price reflects the product's exceptional Model Performance Improvement and high data entropy while remaining competitive in the current market conditions. Let's move towards a fair agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2300. This price reflects my appreciation for the product's exceptional Model Performance Improvement and high data entropy, while considering the competitive landscape. I'm eager to find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2350. This price reflects my recognition of the product's notable value and the competitive market dynamics. I believe this offer is fair and encourages a swift conclusion to our negotiations.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2250. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the product's value while also reflecting my continued commitment to a fair negotiation. This adjustment demonstrates my willingness to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement, and I hope it encourages us to finalize this deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2300. This price reflects the product's recognized value and the ongoing negotiation dynamics, aiming for a fair agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2200. This price reflects my recognition of the product's value and the need to reach a mutually beneficial agreement without straying too far from the seller¡¯s latest offer.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2250. This price reflects the product's strong value and the need for a balanced negotiation, while also considering the buyer's previous offers. I'm looking for a mutually beneficial agreement as we move closer to a deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2200. This price reflects my recognition of the product's ongoing value and my willingness to negotiate further while remaining competitive. I believe we can come to a mutually beneficial agreement with this offer.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2200. Given the ongoing negotiations and the value of the data product, I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while acknowledging the product's significant performance and market conditions. Let's move towards a resolution.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2100. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the ongoing negotiations and the value of the data product, while also being mindful of the current market conditions. Let's aim for a swift resolution.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 2150. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's value and the ongoing negotiations, aiming for a fair agreement that recognizes both parties¡¯ interests.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 2100. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise based on the product's proven value and the need for a swift resolution. It aligns closely with the seller's recent offer while acknowledging the significance of the data product's performance in our negotiations.