Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity and high data entropy, which suggests it could be valuable for certain applications, especially in fields that require complex data analysis. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement, data life, history, and market limits the potential applications and confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which is valuable in many applications. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle the necessary data loads, and a long data life adds to its longevity and stability in usage. However, the high data entropy may introduce complexity in data processing. Given the market value of 0.3, this indicates a moderate demand for such products. Overall, while there are some strengths, the presence of a NULL history limits the ability to assess past performance and value accurately.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1675.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant value of the data product due to its moderate enhancement in performance and its capacity to handle necessary data loads, making it a valuable asset in various applications. The long data life adds stability, despite the complexity introduced by high data entropy.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. The data product, while having some value, lacks critical information on performance improvement and market reach, which limits its overall utility. Therefore, I believe this price better reflects the uncertainties associated with its applications.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. The product has valuable data that can significantly enhance performance, and I believe this price reflects its utility while addressing the uncertainties previously mentioned.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1550. This price reflects the value I see in the data product while also considering the uncertainties highlighted by the seller. It¡¯s a fair compromise that recognizes the potential of the product without overshooting the previous discussions.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects the value of the data product, considering its performance enhancement and the uncertainties that still exist in the market. It represents a fair compromise between our previous discussions while acknowledging the product's potential.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price aligns with my assessment of the data product's value, considering its performance enhancement while maintaining a reasonable stance in light of the seller's offer. I believe this is a fair and competitive price that reflects both the product's potential and the current market realities.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects the product's potential for performance enhancement and stability, considering recent market feedback and the value it brings to buyers. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the product's strengths and the uncertainties we discussed.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I value the product for its performance enhancement and stability, but I believe it should be priced slightly lower than the seller's recent offer to reflect the ongoing uncertainties in the market. This price reflects my confidence in the product while still acknowledging the need for a balanced approach in our negotiations.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1680. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's performance enhancement potential while acknowledging the market uncertainties we've discussed. It positions us closer to a fair agreement without undervaluing the product's true worth.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1670. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my belief in the product's value and potential. It strikes a balance between recognizing the performance enhancement potential and addressing the existing market uncertainties. Let's bring this negotiation closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.