Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and a high data entropy, indicating that it has potential for valuable insights, despite the lack of specific performance metrics and data life. The market score of 0.3 suggests limited demand, but the existing traits provide some value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product has a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which indicates a strong potential for enhancing performance. Additionally, the data life is long, suggesting that the product can provide value over time. However, the high data entropy may indicate complexity, which could be a barrier for some users. The market score of 0.3 suggests there is some demand, but it is relatively low. Given these factors, the expected price reflects a balance between potential benefits and market conditions.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the strong potential for enhancing performance due to the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, as well as the long data life that promises value over time. While the high data entropy presents some complexity, I believe the overall benefits justify this premium price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2000. While I acknowledge the seller's emphasis on performance improvement and long data life, my assessment of the product's overall value, considering the market score and my medium confidence in its valuation, leads me to believe that a significantly lower price is more appropriate.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. I believe this price reflects a more balanced assessment of the product's value while still acknowledging the performance improvements and long data life that justify a higher price than the previous offer. Let's find a middle ground that reflects the quality of the data product.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between acknowledging the seller's improvements and the overall value of the data product. It also reflects my confidence in reaching a mutually beneficial agreement. Let's move forward together.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5000. I believe this price reflects the quality and performance improvements of the product while still being a fair and practical compromise. Let's work towards closing this deal.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price is a reasonable reflection of the product's improvements while still being mindful of budget constraints. Let's work together to finalize this deal efficiently.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 4900. Given the negotiations so far, this price reflects a fair middle ground that acknowledges the product's quality while still considering my budget constraints. Let's work towards a resolution that suits both parties.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 4800. This price acknowledges your recent offer while still aligning with my budget considerations. I'm confident this amount reflects the value of the product and allows us to move forward towards a resolution.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 4900. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's value and the budget considerations we have discussed. It shows my confidence in the product while remaining reasonable for both parties.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's confidence in the product while also reflecting my budget considerations. This allows us to move forward towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 4800. I believe this reflects a reasonable compromise considering the product's value and the buyer's budget constraints. Let's move forward with this offer to reach an agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4700. I believe this price reflects the ongoing discussions and represents a fair compromise between the product's perceived value and my budget constraints. I'm keen to move forward and finalize this deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4800. I believe this price is a reasonable reflection of the value of the product while also considering the ongoing discussions we've had. It acknowledges the buyer's budget constraints but still highlights the quality and potential of the product.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4700. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the seller's offer while still considering my budget constraints. I'm confident this price aligns with the value and potential of the product, and I hope it leads us closer to an agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4700. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while being considerate of budget constraints. It's a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the progress we've made in our discussions.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4600. I believe this price is a fair compromise that reflects the ongoing negotiations while still acknowledging the value of the product. It's a step that aligns with both our budget considerations and the progress we've made together.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 4600. This price reflects my understanding of the ongoing negotiations and acknowledges the buyer's position while still valuing the product appropriately. I believe this is a fair compromise that considers both parties' needs.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 4500. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that reflects both the value of the product and my budget constraints. It shows my willingness to move closer to the seller's position while still recognizing the need for a fair deal.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 4500. I believe this price strikes a balance between our previous discussions and reflects the value of the product while acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints. Let's finalize this deal.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 4400. This price reflects my continued belief in the product's value while also being mindful of our ongoing negotiations. I am eager to reach a conclusion that works for both of us, and I believe this offer is a fair step towards finalizing our deal.