Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be valuable in certain markets. However, the lack of additional traits such as Data Entropy, Data Life, History, and Market makes it difficult to ascertain the full potential and demand for the product. Therefore, the price reflects a conservative estimate based on the available information.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating it can enhance existing systems. The capacity is deemed enough, and the long data life suggests it can remain relevant for a while. However, the high data entropy may indicate complexity and potential challenges in data processing. The market score of 0.3 suggests a moderate demand. Given these factors, the expected price reflects its potential usefulness and the current market conditions.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This data product demonstrates a significant model performance improvement of 0.2, which can greatly enhance existing systems. Its sufficient capacity and long data life further underscore its value, despite some complexity indicated by high data entropy. Given the current market conditions and the product¡¯s potential, I believe this price reflects its worth.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1200. Given the MPI of 0.2, while it indicates some improvement, the lack of additional traits such as Data Entropy, Data Life, and Market makes me cautious about the overall value. My offer reflects a conservative approach based on the limited information available.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. I believe this price reflects the significant value of the data product and its performance improvement, while also considering the buyer's cautious approach. It¡¯s a fair compromise that can lead us closer to a deal.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's valuation and my cautious approach to the limited information available. It reflects the value of the data product while still being a reasonable offer that can facilitate further negotiations.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects a reasonable compromise between the initial valuation and the buyer's cautious stance, while still maintaining the value of the significant performance improvement of the product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price demonstrates my willingness to negotiate while still being cautious in my approach. It reflects a fair value for the product, considering both the seller's position and my need to mitigate risk.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects my confidence in the product's significant performance improvement while acknowledging the buyer's last offer. It represents a fair compromise, aiming to facilitate a successful transaction.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price maintains a balanced approach that reflects my continued interest in the product while remaining cautious. It's a slight concession on my part that aligns with the seller's confidence in the product's significant performance improvement. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product and the significant performance improvement it provides, while also allowing for a fair negotiation with the buyer. I am confident that this offers a solid compromise for both parties.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects my ongoing commitment to reaching a fair and mutually beneficial agreement while acknowledging the value of the data product and the performance improvements it provides. I'm confident this offer maintains a balance between my cautious approach and the seller's valuation.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the value of the data product while maintaining a solid ground for negotiation, considering the ongoing back-and-forth we've had. Let's move this deal forward!
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price maintains a strong position for negotiation while still reflecting a fair value for the data product. Let's work towards finalizing this deal!
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14450. I believe this price represents a fair compromise, reflecting the value of the data product while acknowledging the buyer's cautious approach. It's a step towards a mutually beneficial agreement, showing my willingness to cooperate as we continue the negotiation.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14350. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's valuation and my cautious approach, while still moving us closer to an agreement. It's a fair step that reflects my interest in securing the data product without overcommitting.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14400. This price maintains a fair balance between the value of the data product and the buyer's cautious approach, considering our recent negotiations. I believe this is a reasonable compromise that reflects both parties' interests.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14300. This price reflects my continued cautious approach while still recognizing the value of the data product. I believe this is a reasonable step towards reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 14350. This price reflects a willingness to negotiate while still valuing the product's worth and aiming for a fair compromise. Given our ongoing discussions, I believe this is a reasonable step towards a successful agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 14250. This price demonstrates my commitment to reaching a reasonable compromise while still valuing the product's worth. I believe this offer reflects a fair assessment given our ongoing discussions, and it provides a solid foundation for concluding our negotiation successfully.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 14200. I believe this price reflects the ongoing negotiations and acknowledges the buyer's cautious approach while still recognizing the value of the data product. Let's find a common ground that works for both of us.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 14100. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's perspective and maintaining my cautious approach, while still reflecting the value of the data product. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.