Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a noticeable enhancement in performance, which can be valuable to users seeking efficiency in their workflows. The long data life adds to the product's appeal, suggesting durability and relevance over time. However, the lack of data entropy, history, and market information introduces uncertainty, which slightly lowers the valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2 suggests a moderate enhancement in capabilities, which is beneficial. The capacity being "enough" indicates that the product can handle the data effectively. However, the high data entropy may imply complex data patterns that could require sophisticated processing. The long data life is a favorable trait as it allows for prolonged usability. Despite the market rating of 0.3 indicating a relatively low demand, the combination of other factors still supports a reasonable price point.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the significant value of the data product, considering its moderate performance improvement and effective capacity to handle complex data patterns, despite the low market demand. I believe this investment will yield substantial benefits.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2000. While I acknowledge the seller's perspective on the product's value, the significant gap between our price expectations indicates a need for closer alignment. My offer reflects a more cautious appraisal of the data's potential, considering the uncertainties in market demand and historical data availability.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. This price reflects the substantial value and potential of the data product while considering the cautious appraisal you've presented. Let's bridge the gap between our offers and move forward with a deal that benefits us both.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the data product's potential and still being cautious given the current market uncertainties. Let's work together to find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 4950. This reflects a strong compromise considering the buyer's last offer while still recognizing the inherent value of the data product. Let's move towards a successful agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 4850. I believe this is a fair adjustment that reflects the ongoing negotiations and the inherent value of the data product while remaining cautious about the market dynamics. Let's keep moving towards a successful agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 4900. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the value of the data product, while also taking into account the buyer's previous offer of 4850. Let's move towards a resolution.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price is a reasonable step towards a mutually beneficial agreement, reflecting my continued interest while considering the seller's previous offer. Let's work together to finalize this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 4850. This price reflects a fair and balanced adjustment considering the ongoing negotiations and the potential value of the data product, while also acknowledging the buyer's previous offer. Let's move closer to a deal.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4750. I believe this price continues to reflect a careful consideration of the market dynamics and the value of the data product while moving us closer to an agreement. Let's work together to finalize this deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 4800. This reflects a reasonable step towards finalizing our agreement while still acknowledging the value of the data product. I believe we can reach a mutually beneficial outcome.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4750. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while still acknowledging the value of the data product. It demonstrates my willingness to negotiate while remaining mindful of the market conditions we¡¯ve discussed. Let¡¯s work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4750. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering our previous negotiations and the market dynamics at play. It positions us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement while recognizing the inherent value of the data product.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4650. This price represents a continued effort towards finding common ground, reflecting my understanding of the market dynamics and my cautious approach to the ongoing negotiations. It demonstrates my commitment to reaching a fair agreement while recognizing the inherent value of the data product.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4700. This price reflects a strategic adjustment to foster a more favorable negotiation environment, while still recognizing the intrinsic value of the data product. Let's aim for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4600. I believe this price is a reasonable step towards closing the deal while still reflecting the value I perceive in the data product. I'm willing to negotiate further to reach an agreement that benefits us both.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 4650. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise given our ongoing negotiations and the value of the data product. It¡¯s a strategic move to reach an agreement before we close, and I hope we can find common ground.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 4550. I believe this is a reasonable adjustment that reflects my ongoing commitment to reach a fair agreement while still considering the market dynamics we've discussed. Let¡¯s work towards closing this deal effectively.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 4600. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the value of the data product, while also acknowledging the buyer's previous offer of 4650. Let¡¯s finalize this deal effectively.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 4500. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between our previous negotiations and acknowledges the seller's latest offer while still reflecting a cautious approach given the market dynamics. Let's work towards finalizing this deal effectively.