Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.2 indicates a beneficial enhancement, and while the data entropy is high, suggesting complexity and possible richness in the data, the NULL values for data life and history limit the reliability and long-term usefulness of the product. The market size of 0.3 suggests moderate demand, which balances against the uncertainties presented by the NULL traits.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a substantial Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which indicates it has significant potential to enhance existing models. The capacity is deemed sufficient, and the data life is long, suggesting that the product can provide value over an extended period. However, the high data entropy could imply complexity in the data, which may deter some users. The market score of 0.3 suggests a moderate demand but is not overly strong. Overall, the combination of these traits, especially the MPI and data life, justifies a reasonable price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1675.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the substantial Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, which holds significant potential to enhance existing models, coupled with a long data life that adds lasting value. The capacity is deemed sufficient, making this a compelling offer for parties looking to leverage the data effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The seller's offer of 1800 is appealing, but considering the uncertainties with the NULL values and the moderate market demand, I believe a price of 1600 reflects a more balanced valuation for this data product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects a balance between the market demand and the value of the data, while also acknowledging the buyer's perspective on model performance improvement. I believe this is a fair compromise that benefits both parties.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's perspective while still valuing the significant potential performance improvements that this data can bring to my model. It's a competitive offer that acknowledges the current market dynamics while aiming for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1680. This price reflects a balanced assessment of the data's value in the current market while acknowledging the buyer's interest in its improved performance and lasting data value. I believe this figure is reasonable and serves as a fair compromise in our negotiations.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1670. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my interest in securing a value that aligns with the improved performance and lasting value of the data. I believe this is a fair and competitive offer that maintains momentum in our negotiations.