Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating its potential effectiveness in enhancing performance. The data capacity is sufficient, and the data life is long, suggesting that it can be used for a considerable time. However, high data entropy may indicate complexity or variability that could affect usability. The absence of market and historical data limits the potential valuation, but given the other positive traits, a moderate price reflects its possible value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement, which could appeal to users looking for performance upgrades. The high data entropy suggests the data product is rich and diverse, potentially increasing its utility. A long data life adds to its value as it implies longevity and relevance over time. However, the market size is only at 0.3, indicating limited demand, which could restrain the price. The absence of historical data makes the valuation less certain. Overall, the combination of these factors leads to a moderate expected price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1677.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the considerable value of the data product, given its moderate Model Performance Improvement, high data entropy, and long data life, which all indicate a rich and diverse dataset that can greatly enhance performance for users. Despite the limited market size, I believe this price showcases the product's potential and utility effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. The data product does showcase some potential with its Model Performance Improvement and long data life, but the high data entropy and lack of market data significantly reduce its overall value. Considering these factors, I believe 1500 reflects a fair starting point for negotiations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects the data product's moderate performance and long lifespan while considering its high entropy and limited market data. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the product's potential value.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price acknowledges the moderate performance and long lifespan of the data product while also considering the high entropy and limited market data. It¡¯s a reasonable step towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. The data product holds significant value due to its moderate model performance and long lifespan, and I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of its potential despite the concerns regarding high entropy and limited market data.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1625. The data product does have significant value due to its moderate model performance and long lifespan, but I believe my offer reflects a balanced view considering the concerns about high entropy and limited market data. This price is a step closer to a fair agreement while still acknowledging the potential of the product.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1675. This price reflects a balanced appreciation of the product's moderate performance and long lifespan while still addressing the concerns regarding high entropy and limited market data. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the product's potential value.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this reflects a fair valuation of the product, considering its moderate performance and long lifespan while still recognizing the concerns about high entropy and the limited market data. This price allows us to move closer to a deal while acknowledging the inherent value of the product.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1680. The data product has shown promising potential, and while concerns about its high entropy and limited market data exist, I believe that its overall value justifies this price. Let's move forward with a fair valuation that reflects its strengths.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1675. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation of the data product, considering its moderate performance and long lifespan, while also acknowledging the seller's concerns about high entropy and limited market data. Let's find a compromise that benefits both parties.