Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': "The product has enough capacity to handle data processing, but the short data life and a market rating of only 0.3 indicate limited value and demand. The NULL traits suggest incomplete information, which affects confidence in the product's overall utility and performance.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which indicates some potential benefit to users. The market score of 0.3 suggests a low to moderate demand, which may limit pricing potential. However, the low data entropy indicates that the data is relatively clean and reliable, which can add value. The short data life could also mean that the product will need to be frequently updated, impacting long-term value. Overall, the combination of these factors leads to a reasonable valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:4775.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the clean, reliable nature of the data, which adds significant value to potential users. I believe this pricing is justified given the product's unique attributes and its potential benefits in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. Given the short data life, low market rating of 0.3, and the incomplete information indicated by the NULL traits, I believe this price reflects the limited overall value and demand for the product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the product's unique attributes and the substantial market benefits it provides, while also considering the buyer's perspective on its current market rating. Let's find a middle ground that recognizes the value here.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2000. The product's high initial price does not align with its current market rating, which has significant limitations. My offer reflects a more realistic assessment of the value based on market conditions. Let's work towards a fair agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5000. I believe this reflects a fair compromise between the unique attributes of the product and the market feedback we've received. It's a strong value considering the distinctive benefits the product can provide.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's unique product attributes while still reflecting my concerns about its market rating. This offer is a balanced step forward in our negotiations, and I hope it leads us closer to a successful agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 4900. The product has unique attributes and strong value that can justify a higher price, but I am willing to negotiate further while being mindful of the buyer's concerns and the market conditions.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects the product's unique attributes while also considering the previous negotiations and the current market conditions. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's perspective but also aligns with my budget constraints.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 4850. The product possesses unique attributes and significant market potential, making it valuable. This price reflects a fair compromise while still acknowledging the buyer's position.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4750. This price reflects my continued recognition of the product's unique attributes while also considering my budget constraints. It strikes a balance between acknowledging the value of the product and my need for a reasonable deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects the unique qualities of the product while also acknowledging the buyer's budgetary constraints. It's a fair compromise that can lead us closer to a successful deal.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4750. This price acknowledges the seller's perspective while still being within a reasonable range for our budget. It reflects my willingness to negotiate and move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4850. I believe this price reflects the unique qualities of the product while still being competitive in the current market. It allows us to move closer to a final agreement and acknowledges the value we both see in this deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4750. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the product's unique qualities and aligning with my budget constraints. It demonstrates my willingness to negotiate while still considering the value we both see in this deal.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4800. The product's unique attributes and market benefits justify a price that reflects its true value, and I'm open to finding a middle ground that acknowledges both our positions.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4750. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between recognizing the product's unique attributes and aligning with my budget constraints. I'm keen to finalize a deal that acknowledges the value while remaining within reasonable limits.