Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a sufficient capacity, which suggests it can handle the required data volume. However, the lack of available information on model performance improvement, data entropy, data life, history, and market limits its potential. This price reflects a basic valuation considering its capability but acknowledges the uncertainties due to missing traits.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which indicates a strong potential for enhancing outcomes. Additionally, the capacity is sufficient and the data life is long, suggesting durability and reliability. However, the high data entropy may indicate complexity in usage. The market score of 0.4 suggests moderate demand, but the lack of historical data limits confidence. Overall, the product has promising traits that can attract buyers, leading to a reasonable price point.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:4875.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement, the strong potential for enhancing outcomes, and the overall durability and reliability of the data product. I believe this price accurately captures the value of the product in the current market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4900. This price considers the product's sufficient capacity while accounting for the uncertainties regarding its model performance improvement and other missing traits. I believe this offer reflects a fair valuation given the current context and my confidence in the product's potential.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's performance improvements while still acknowledging the uncertainties previously discussed. I'm confident that this is a fair value for both parties and encourages a constructive dialogue towards closing the deal.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product given the uncertainties we've discussed while still valuing its potential performance improvements. Let's move forward towards a resolution.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5000. I believe this price accurately reflects the product's notable performance improvements while still addressing the uncertainties surrounding its reliability.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price fairly reflects the current uncertainties surrounding the product's reliability while acknowledging its notable performance improvements. Let's reach an agreement that benefits us both.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5000. I believe this price reflects the improvements in performance while still addressing the uncertainties around the product¡¯s reliability. It¡¯s a fair compromise that acknowledges the value while remaining competitive.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price effectively captures the value of the product while considering the ongoing uncertainties about its reliability. It maintains our previous agreements and reflects my confidence in the deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 4950. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the buyer's consistent offers and the ongoing discussions about the product's performance and reliability. It's a step closer to an agreement while still valuing the product appropriately.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price maintains the consistency of my previous offers while reflecting my confidence in the product's value despite the ongoing performance discussions. This price is a fair compromise and keeps us moving closer to an agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 4950. I believe this reflects a fair compromise considering the buyer's consistent offers and the product's reliability improvements, while still recognizing the concerns about performance.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price reflects my confidence in the product's value while maintaining consistency in my offers. It's important to acknowledge the seller's efforts to find a compromise, but I still see 4900 as a fair valuation given the previous discussions and the product's reliability.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4900. I believe this price accurately reflects the value of the product given the ongoing uncertainties about its performance and the consistent offers from the buyer. Let's find a resolution that works for both of us!
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4850. I believe this price represents a fair compromise, acknowledging the seller's concerns while reflecting my confidence in the product's value. Let's move forward towards a resolution that benefits both parties.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4900. This price reflects the ongoing discussions and the product's value, given the uncertainties we¡¯ve both acknowledged regarding its performance. I believe this is a fair and reasonable offer based on our prior negotiations.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4850. I believe this price strikes a balance between our previous discussions and acknowledges the uncertainties we have both pointed out regarding the product's performance. It reflects my continued confidence in the value of the deal while still being considerate of the current market dynamics.