Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has a moderate market score of 0.4, indicating some level of demand, but the absence of specific traits such as Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy suggests it lacks critical competitive advantages. Therefore, the valuation is conservative.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product demonstrates a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which indicates it can enhance existing models notably. The long Data Life and adequate Capacity further support its potential longevity and usability in the market. However, the high Data Entropy suggests complexity, which may limit its ease of use or applicability for some users. The market score of 0.4 indicates a moderate demand, which, combined with the other traits, justifies a mid-range valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:5325.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, highlighting the product's capability to enhance existing models notably. The long Data Life and adequate Capacity further reinforce its value, making it a compelling investment for any user looking to leverage advanced data solutions.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. The product's moderate market score of 0.4 and the absence of critical competitive advantages like Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy indicate a lower value than what is being presented. Therefore, my offer reflects a conservative and cautious approach to this negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects the exceptional Model Performance Improvement, long Data Life, and adequate Capacity of the product while still providing room for negotiation.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5400. This price reflects my assessment of the product's value, considering the significant Model Performance Improvement and long Data Life, while still acknowledging that it's slightly below the seller's offer, allowing for further negotiation.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5500. The value of this product is clear with its superior Model Performance Improvement, long Data Life, and adequate Capacity, making it worth this investment.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5400. The product's outstanding Model Performance Improvement and long Data Life continue to justify a strong investment, and I believe this price reflects a fair value for both parties while still allowing for further negotiation.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5500. The product's outstanding model performance and extended data life justify this price, ensuring both parties benefit while recognizing the excellent value it delivers.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5400. The product's exceptional model performance and extended data life are significant factors that contribute to its value, and I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while still acknowledging the quality being offered.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5500. This reflects the exceptional quality and performance of the product, which remains a strong contender in the market. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between value and investment, especially considering the product's significant advantages.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the product's quality and performance, while still allowing for a reasonable investment from my side. Let's continue to find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5500. The product's exceptional quality and performance justify this price, and it's a fair compromise given the consistent offers we've exchanged.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5400. The product's exceptional quality and performance align with my valuation, and I believe this price represents a fair compromise based on our previous negotiations.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5400. This price reflects the exceptional quality and performance of the product, while still providing a fair compromise for both parties. I believe it's a reasonable offer given the consistent evaluations from previous rounds.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5300. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the product's quality while still maintaining a strategic position in our negotiation. I believe it is a fair offer considering the consistent pricing dialogue we've had in previous rounds.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5400. This price reflects the exceptional quality and performance of the product while also considering the buyer's previous offer of 5300. It represents a fair compromise, acknowledging the value the product brings to the table.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5300. This price reflects my appreciation for the seller's consideration of previous offers while also recognizing the product's quality and performance. It remains a competitive offer that I believe is fair for both parties.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5350. This price reflects the exceptional quality and performance of the product while taking into account the buyer's last offer of 5300. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the product while keeping the negotiation moving forward.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price accurately reflects the exceptional quality and performance of the product while also being a reasonable compromise between our previous offers. Let's move forward with this agreement.