Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a long data life and enough capacity, which indicates that it can be utilized effectively over time. However, the high data entropy suggests that the data may be complex or not easily interpretable, which could limit its immediate usability. The NULL traits for Model Performance Improvement and History create uncertainty about its effectiveness and track record. Nonetheless, the potential for long-term value and sufficient capacity provides a baseline for valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a noticeable enhancement in capabilities, which is valuable for potential users. Despite having high data entropy and a long data life, the absence of historical data may limit user confidence. However, the market value of 0.4 suggests a moderate demand for this type of product. Overall, the combination of these factors leads to a reasonable expected price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:5125.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the strong model performance improvement of 0.2, which enhances capabilities and adds significant value for potential users. Given the moderate market demand of 0.4, I believe this price is justified for the quality of the data product.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4800. While I acknowledge the seller¡¯s claims about the model performance improvement, the high data entropy and NULL traits for model effectiveness create uncertainty for me. Therefore, I believe a lower price is more appropriate given the potential risks involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5200. This price reflects a balance between the performance improvement and the high data entropy concerns, ensuring both parties find value while addressing uncertainty in model effectiveness.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5100. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still addressing my concerns about the data entropy and the overall model effectiveness. It represents a fair compromise that values the performance improvement while ensuring we remain aligned in our expectations.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5200. I believe this price reflects the balance between the performance improvements and the concerns about data entropy, providing a fair deal for both parties while recognizing the moderate demand.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5100. I believe this price aligns with our previous discussions and acknowledges the seller's concerns about data entropy while still reflecting the value of the performance improvements. This offer is a reasonable compromise that maintains our negotiation momentum.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5300. I believe this new price reflects the moderate demand and performance improvements while addressing concerns about data entropy effectively. It's a reasonable step forward in our negotiations.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5200. I believe this price effectively acknowledges the seller's concerns while maintaining a fair balance with the performance improvements discussed. It aligns with my previous offers and continues to reflect my commitment to a reasonable negotiation.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5250. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, balancing the performance improvements and the concerns raised regarding data entropy. It acknowledges the value of the product while being mindful of the buyer's perspective.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5200. I believe this price continues to reflect a fair balance between the performance improvements and the concerns regarding data entropy. It aligns with my previous offers and acknowledges the value of the product while remaining within a reasonable range of negotiation.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5250. This price reflects a fair balance considering the ongoing discussions about performance improvements and the concerns regarding data entropy. It's a reasonable step forward in our negotiations and aligns with the incremental adjustments we've made so far.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5200. I believe this price maintains the balance we've been discussing while still showing my commitment to moving forward in our negotiations. It reflects the ongoing considerations regarding performance improvements and data entropy, aligning closely with the previous discussions we've had.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5200. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the performance improvements discussed and the ongoing concerns about data entropy. It's an opportunity for both parties to move forward effectively while recognizing the value of the product.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5100. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between the ongoing concerns about data entropy and the performance improvements discussed. It allows us to continue negotiating in good faith while recognizing the value of the product.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5150. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, considering the ongoing discussions about performance improvements and data entropy. It also acknowledges the buyer's previous offers while allowing room for a fair negotiation as we approach the final rounds.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5100. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the ongoing discussions and the seller's latest offer. It acknowledges the value of the product while also maintaining my position in the negotiation as we approach the final rounds.