Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a reasonable enhancement in model performance, suggesting the product has a tangible benefit. The market score of 0.4 also indicates some level of demand, although it is modest. However, the absence of key traits such as Data Entropy, Data Life, and History limits a comprehensive assessment of the product's long-term value and reliability. Given these factors, the price reflects a cautious optimism based on the available data.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating it has some value in enhancing model performance. The capacity is sufficient, suggesting it can handle the required data volume. However, the high data entropy implies complexity, which might deter some users. The long data life is a positive trait as it suggests longevity and sustained value. The market score of 0.4 indicates a moderate demand, which also influences the price. Overall, considering these factors, a price of 2500 seems reasonable.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2675.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 3000. This price reflects the moderate value of the data product, considering its potential for enhancing model performance and its long data life, which adds sustained value. The complexity indicated by high data entropy suggests a unique offering that can command a premium in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2500. The offered price of 3000 is reasonable, but considering the limitations in key traits such as Data Entropy and Data Life, I believe 2500 reflects a more cautious approach while still acknowledging the potential enhancement in model performance.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2750. This price reflects the value of the data product while considering its complexities and potential. Let's find common ground and move forward with this deal.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2600. This price acknowledges the seller's consideration of the data product's value while still reflecting my viewpoint on its limitations. I believe this is a fair compromise that allows us to progress towards a successful agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2700. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the value of the data product while still acknowledging its limitations. I believe this offer could lead us closer to an agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2650. I believe this price strikes a balance between the value of the data product and the limitations that have been acknowledged. It reflects my readiness to compromise while still recognizing the worth of what¡¯s being offered.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2680. I believe this price reflects a solid compromise between recognizing the value of the data product while also addressing its limitations. It is a reasonable step forward in our negotiation.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2670. This price reflects my commitment to finding common ground while still recognizing the inherent value of the data product. It's a step towards reaching an agreement that satisfies both parties' interests.