Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 and has a long Data Life, which suggests that it can provide lasting value and utility. However, the presence of NULL traits, particularly in Data Entropy, History, and Market, indicates a lack of comprehensive information about the data product¡¯s overall effectiveness and market applicability. This uncertainty affects the valuation, but the strong MPI provides a solid baseline for pricing.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 suggests that the product has a measurable enhancement in performance, which can be appealing to potential users. The capacity being "enough" indicates that it can handle the necessary workload. However, the high data entropy may imply complexity in data interpretation or usability, which could deter some users. The long data life is a positive trait, ensuring longevity and sustained relevance in the market. The market score of 0.4 indicates moderate demand, which, combined with the other traits, supports a reasonable pricing strategy.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1705.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant value of the data product, given its measurable performance improvement, sufficient capacity, and long data life, which are appealing attributes for potential users.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. While I acknowledge the appealing attributes of the data product, such as its measurable performance improvement and long data life, I believe the current offer does not accurately reflect the potential value given the existing uncertainties in data completeness and market applicability.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. The data product demonstrates significant value due to its performance improvement and longevity, and I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the uncertainties previously mentioned.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1700. The data product's performance improvement and longevity are indeed valuable, but I believe a slightly lower price reflects a more balanced risk considering the uncertainties we've discussed. This offer demonstrates my commitment to reaching a fair agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1725. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the data product's value, while still addressing the inherent risks and uncertainties in its market applicability.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price represents a strong recognition of the data product's considerable value while still accommodating the seller's concerns about market uncertainties. It strikes a balance between our positions and paves the way for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1750. The data product has shown solid performance improvements, and I believe this price reflects its true value while still considering the market uncertainties we¡¯ve discussed.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the product's solid performance improvements while still addressing the uncertainties in the market. It is a balanced approach that recognizes both the value of the data product and the risks involved.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1750. The data product has demonstrated solid performance improvements, and I believe this price reflects a fair balance considering the market uncertainties we've discussed.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price fairly reflects the data product's strong performance improvements while also addressing the market uncertainties we¡¯ve discussed previously. It's a balanced approach that acknowledges its value while remaining cautious.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1725. I believe this price reflects the significant value of the data product while still addressing the market uncertainties we've discussed. It's a fair compromise that recognizes the performance improvements while maintaining a cautious approach.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price acknowledges the significant value of the data product while also reflecting a cautious approach towards the market uncertainties we've been discussing. It's a reasonable compromise that maintains the balance between value and risk.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1710. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the value of the data product while also considering the ongoing market uncertainties. This offer aims to find a middle ground that benefits both parties and moves us closer to an agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, recognizing the intrinsic value of the data product while still being mindful of the market uncertainties we've discussed. This offer demonstrates my commitment to progressing towards a mutual agreement.