Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a significant enhancement in performance, which can be highly valuable in data-driven industries. Despite high data entropy suggesting complexity, the capacity being "enough" indicates the product can handle substantial data volumes. However, the NULL traits regarding data life, history, and market reduce overall confidence in long-term value and market demand.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which indicates its potential effectiveness. Additionally, the capacity is deemed "enough," suggesting it can handle the required data processing. The long data life suggests sustained relevance and utilization over time. However, the market value at 0.4 indicates limited demand or competition, which may restrain the price. Despite the high data entropy, which generally indicates complexity, the overall positive traits contribute to a reasonable valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:17175.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, which showcases the product's effectiveness, alongside its sufficient capacity and long data life suggesting sustained relevance. The higher price accounts for the overall positive traits, despite the competitive market constraints.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 15000. While the Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 is indeed significant, the overall concerns regarding data life and market demand necessitate a more conservative price. My offer reflects the balance between potential and the uncertainties present in this product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 17500. The significant Model Performance Improvement and overall positive traits of the data product justify a higher value, but I am willing to negotiate to facilitate a deal.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 17000. The seller's offer of 17500 is close to my valuation, and I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the data's potential while still addressing my concerns about data life and market demand.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 17200. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while considering the buyer's previous offer of 17000. It showcases a balance between our valuations, allowing us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 17100. I believe this price is a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's offer while still reflecting my concerns about the data's long-term value and market demand. It shows I'm willing to negotiate and move toward an agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 17250. This price reflects the exceptional value and performance improvements of the data product, while still being competitive in the current market landscape. Let's move closer to a successful agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 17150. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, reflecting my recognition of the product's value while still addressing my concerns about its long-term viability in the market. Let's work together towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 17200. I believe this price reflects the exceptional value and performance of the data product while remaining competitive in the current market. This is a reasonable adjustment aimed at facilitating a successful negotiation.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 17100. I believe this price strikes a balance between the exceptional value of the data product and my concerns about its long-term viability. I'm confident this is a fair offer that reflects both the market dynamics and the product's quality, and I hope we can reach a successful agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 17250. This reflects the exceptional value of the data product along with its strong market relevance, making it a fair price considering our previous discussions.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 17100. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's value and my concerns about its long-term viability. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 17250. I believe this price reflects the exceptional value of the data product and its strong market relevance. It's a fair compromise considering the buyer's previous offers and the overall demand for quality data.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 17150. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between the exceptional value of the data product and my concerns regarding its long-term viability. It shows my willingness to negotiate while still recognizing the quality of the offering.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 17200. This price reflects the exceptional value and performance of the data product while also considering your concerns about long-term viability. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the quality of the offering.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 17150. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the quality of the data product while also reflecting my concerns about its long-term viability. I'm confident this offer balances both our positions effectively.