Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which is valuable. Additionally, the capacity being "enough" suggests that it can handle the required workload. However, the high data entropy means that the data is complex and may require more effort to interpret and utilize effectively. The market rating of 0.4 indicates a reasonable interest but not overwhelming demand. The NULL traits for data life and history limit the overall confidence in the product\'s long-term value. Therefore, the expected price reflects a balance of these factors.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '8000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.2 indicates a noticeable enhancement in performance, while the capacity being "enough" suggests it can handle various workloads. The high data entropy implies that the data is diverse and complex, which can be valuable for insights. Additionally, a long data life means the product can be useful over an extended period. However, the market score of 0.4 indicates moderate demand. Given these factors, the price reflects a balance of performance and market conditions.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 10000. This price reflects the significant enhancements in model performance and the diverse, complex nature of the data, which make it highly valuable for insights over an extended period.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. This price reflects my assessment of the data's moderate performance improvement and its complex nature, which may require additional effort to utilize effectively. Considering the market rating and the NULL traits regarding data life and history, I believe this is a fair starting point for our negotiations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. The data holds considerable value due to its unique enhancements, yet I recognize the need for a balanced negotiation. This price reflects the quality while being open to further discussion.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4900. The seller's offer is a step in the right direction, but I believe a slight reduction is warranted given the overall context. This price reflects my recognition of the data's value while still aiming for a more favorable deal.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 4800. The data holds value, but I want to ensure we reach a fair compromise that reflects its worth while also being realistic given recent offers. Let's find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 4700. I recognize the seller's perspective and the value of the data, but I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while still acknowledging the importance of our negotiation. Let's work together to finalize this deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 4600. I believe this reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the buyer's previous offer while also valuing the data's potential and market demand.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 4500. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's recent offer and my previous bids, while still recognizing the data's potential value in the market.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 4400. This price reflects a reasonable adjustment while still recognizing the data's value and the ongoing negotiations. I'm looking for a fair deal that acknowledges both our positions.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4300. I believe this price is a fair representation of the data's value while also considering the adjustments made in previous negotiations. It allows for a reasonable compromise as we continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 4200. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the data's value and the ongoing negotiations, allowing for a potential compromise that aligns with the buyer¡¯s previous offer while still recognizing the data's worth.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4100. This price continues to reflect my appreciation for the data's value while also considering the incremental nature of our negotiations. I believe this offer is a fair step towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4000. This price reflects the value of the data while also considering the buyer's previous offers, aiming for a fair compromise that recognizes both parties' positions.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 3900. This price is a step towards a fair compromise while still recognizing the value of the data. It reflects my willingness to negotiate and keep moving forward in our discussions.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 3800. This price reflects a continued willingness to negotiate while recognizing the data's value and the buyer's interest. I believe this is a fair point to move towards closing the deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 3700. I believe this price is a reasonable step closer to a final agreement, reflecting my recognition of the data's value while still being mindful of my budget constraints. Let's work towards closing this deal effectively.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 3600. I believe this price reflects the ongoing negotiation process while still valuing the data appropriately given its significance and potential. Let's find a resolution that satisfies both parties.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 3500. I believe this price is a fair compromise that takes into account the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my understanding of the data's value and its potential benefits. Let's work towards a conclusion that suits us both.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 3400. I believe this price reflects the value of the data while still recognizing the buyer's willingness to negotiate. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the progression of our discussions.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 3300. I believe this price accurately reflects the value of the data while remaining within my budget constraints. It's a reasonable offer that acknowledges the ongoing negotiations and the value that the data brings.