Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which indicates it can enhance existing models effectively. Additionally, it has a long Data Life, suggesting it remains relevant over time. However, the high Data Entropy may imply complexity in usage. The lack of market and history information introduces uncertainty, but the strengths outweigh the weaknesses, leading to a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating a strong ability to enhance existing models. The capacity is sufficient, and the data life is long, which adds to its value. However, the high data entropy suggests complexity, which could limit its usability in certain contexts. The market score of 0.4 indicates moderate demand, which also reflects in the valuation. Despite the absence of historical data, the other traits support a reasonable price point.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, indicating the product's strong capability to enhance existing models. The data's long life and sufficient capacity add further value, despite the complexity suggested by high data entropy. I'm confident this price is justified given the unique attributes of the product.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. While I recognize the strong capability of the product indicated by the Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 and its long data life, I believe that the high price of 18000 is excessive given the complexity of usage due to high data entropy and the uncertainty stemming from lack of market and history information. My offer reflects a more moderate valuation taking these factors into account.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. I believe this is a fair compromise that reflects the product's significant Model Performance Improvement and long data life, while also considering the buyer's concerns about usage complexity and market uncertainty. This price maintains value for both parties.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14000. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the product's value while still addressing my concerns about the high complexity and uncertainty in the market. I believe this new offer can facilitate a more productive negotiation and benefit both parties.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the premium quality of the product and its impressive performance capabilities while also considering the buyer's previous concerns about complexity and market conditions.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14400. This price takes into account the seller's emphasis on quality and performance while still addressing the complexities and uncertainties I feel about the product. I believe it's a fair compromise that recognizes the product's value while allowing for my concerns.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14550. The product's exceptional performance and reliability justify a slight increase, while still remaining competitive in the current market dynamics.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14450. The seller's price increase is understandable, but I still believe that a price of 14450 reflects the product's value while accounting for my concerns regarding complexity and market uncertainty. This offer shows my willingness to negotiate while maintaining a fair assessment of the product's worth.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14500. This reflects the premium quality and performance of the product while acknowledging the buyer's previous offer. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, considering both the product's capabilities and the market dynamics we've discussed.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price continues to reflect the product's value while considering the ongoing market uncertainties and the complexities involved. It acknowledges the seller's position while still being a reasonable offer from my standpoint.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the premium quality of the product and its exceptional performance, while also taking into consideration the buyer's previous counteroffer. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges both the product's value and the market dynamics.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14300. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the product's quality while still taking into account the ongoing market uncertainties and the need for a reasonable compromise. Let's work together towards an agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the premium quality and exceptional performance of the product, while still being competitive in the current market. I believe this is a fair offer considering the value the product delivers.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects the ongoing market uncertainties while still recognizing the product's premium quality and performance. It¡¯s a reasonable adjustment that balances both our interests as we move towards a potential agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14500. The product's premium quality and robust performance justify this price, and it reflects the competitive market positioning we are in. I'm confident this value aligns with the product's capabilities and market potential.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14400. The product's quality and performance are acknowledged, but I still see the need for a more favorable price considering market conditions and the complexities involved in its usage. This price reflects my assessment of the value while addressing the ongoing uncertainties in the market.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 14500. The product's exceptional quality and proven performance justify this price, and I believe it reflects its true value in the current market.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects the product's quality and performance while considering the ongoing market uncertainties.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 14500. The product's premium quality and exceptional performance justify this price, especially considering the ongoing market dynamics and the value it brings to your operations.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this reflects a fair valuation of the product, considering the premium quality and performance it provides, while also taking into account the ongoing market uncertainties that have influenced our previous discussions.