Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which indicates it can enhance performance, attracting potential buyers in a competitive market. Additionally, the capacity is adequate, and the data life is long, suggesting sustained value over time. However, high data entropy may indicate complexity, which could deter some users. The market value of 0.4 suggests moderate demand, balanced by the high data entropy and the lack of historical data, which limits confidence. Overall, the product shows promise but lacks some critical historical context for stronger valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating it can enhance existing models. Though the data entropy is high, suggesting complexity and potential challenges in usability, the long data life implies that the insights derived from the data will remain relevant over time. The market score of 0.4 indicates moderate demand and potential. Given these factors, the expected price reflects the product's utility and market positioning.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:5710.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the exceptional Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 that our data product provides, which can significantly enhance existing models. Despite the challenges presented by high data entropy, the long data life ensures that the insights derived will remain valuable over time. Additionally, the moderate market demand indicates a strong potential for return on investment.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4900. The Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 is indeed promising, but I must consider the high data entropy and the absence of historical data that could impact the product's reliability. While the long data life and moderate market demand are appealing factors, I believe my offer reflects a balanced approach to the perceived risks and potential rewards.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5800. The exceptional Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 still holds significant value, and this price reflects a fair compromise considering the buyer¡¯s concerns about data entropy and historical data. Let¡¯s move forward with this offer.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5700. The seller¡¯s offer of 5800 is close, but I still have concerns regarding data entropy and the historical data provided. This price reflects a balanced approach while still considering the value of the model performance improvement. Let's continue negotiating towards a mutually agreeable solution.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5750. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise given our previous discussions, taking into account the model's impressive performance improvement and the buyer's concerns.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price is a reasonable position that acknowledges the seller's offer while still reflecting my concerns about the data product's historical data and entropy. It shows my willingness to negotiate while maintaining a cautious approach.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5720. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the model's impressive performance improvement while addressing the buyer's concerns about data entropy and historical data. It's a strong offer that balances both parties' interests.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the seller's efforts while still addressing my concerns regarding data entropy and historical data. It's a reasonable offer that reflects my willingness to engage in a constructive negotiation.