Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has adequate capacity, suggesting it can handle a reasonable volume of data or users. However, the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, Data Life, History, and Market creates uncertainty. Despite this, the presence of capacity implies some baseline value.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which indicates it can enhance existing models effectively. The capacity is sufficient, and the long data life suggests durability and potential for long-term use. However, the data entropy being high might imply challenges with data consistency or reliability. The market value of 0.5 indicates moderate demand, which is a positive sign. Given these factors, a price of 3000 is justified, balancing performance and market conditions.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:3225.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 3500. This price reflects the significant model performance improvement of 0.2 that our data product provides, ensuring it can effectively enhance existing models. The sufficient capacity and long data life add to its value, making it a worthwhile investment.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 3400. I believe this price better reflects the uncertainties surrounding the data product's performance improvement, data entropy, and market position. While the capacity is sufficient, I remain cautious about the overall value and am looking for a more favorable deal.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 3450. This price reflects a reasonable compromise while still showcasing the significant performance enhancements and overall value that my data product provides. I believe this adjustment addresses your concerns while maintaining the integrity of the product's worth.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 3400. This price reflects my ongoing concerns about the uncertainties in performance and overall value that have been highlighted in our discussions. While I appreciate your attempt to find a compromise, I still believe that a more cautious approach is warranted given the current information.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 3400. The value of the data product is significant, and I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the buyer's previous concerns while still recognizing the product's performance improvements.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 3300. I believe this price reflects a reasonable approach given the uncertainties I still have about the product's value and performance, while also considering the seller's latest offer.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 3350. I believe this price strikes a balance considering the buyer's concerns about performance and value, while still reflecting the quality and potential of the data product.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 3300. I believe this price reflects my ongoing concerns about the uncertainties in performance and value of the product while remaining competitive. This offer aligns with my previous considerations and continues to show my willingness to negotiate in good faith.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 3350. This price reflects a competitive stance while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about performance and value. I'm confident that this price strikes a balance, making it an appealing option for both parties. Let's move forward!
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 3300. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of both the performance improvements and my ongoing concerns about value. It shows I'm willing to negotiate while still prioritizing my budget. Let's find a way to move forward together on this.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 3350. This price reflects my confidence in the product's value and performance while also being mindful of your budget concerns. Let's find a middle ground that works for both of us.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 3250. This price demonstrates my continued commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement while considering the budget constraints and ongoing uncertainties about the product's performance. Let's work towards closing this deal effectively.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 3300. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's concerns about performance and value. It allows us to maintain momentum in our discussions while still recognizing the value of the product.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 3200. I believe this price not only respects the seller's recent offer but also takes into account the ongoing concerns regarding performance and value. This adjustment reflects my commitment to reach a fair agreement while still being mindful of budget constraints.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 3250. Given the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's last offer of 3200, I believe this price strikes a balance between the buyer¡¯s budget constraints and the value my product offers. It's a competitive price that reflects the product's quality while remaining enticing for the buyer.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 3200. I believe this price aligns with my previous offer and respects the seller's recent price of 3250. It's a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the value of the product while keeping my budget in check.