Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a long data life and sufficient capacity, which are positive indicators of its usefulness and longevity in the market. However, the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, History, and Market diminishes the overall confidence in the valuation. Given these mixed signals, a moderate price is warranted.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product demonstrates a strong Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which indicates a significant enhancement in performance. Additionally, having a long data life suggests that the product can remain relevant and useful for an extended period. However, the high data entropy may indicate complexity, which could deter some users. The market demand is moderate at 0.5, which suggests there is some interest but not overwhelming. Overall, the combination of these factors leads to a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the strong Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, indicating a significant enhancement in performance, along with the long data life that ensures extended relevance and utility. While I acknowledge the high data entropy may introduce complexity, I believe the overall value justifies a premium price in the current market. 
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. While I recognize the long data life and the model performance improvement, the high price does not align with the concerns regarding data entropy and the lack of comprehensive information. A more moderate price reflects the mixed signals concerning overall value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 6000. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the significant model performance improvements you mentioned and my concerns about data entropy and the overall longevity of the data. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5900. I believe this price is reasonable considering the seller's concerns about data entropy while also acknowledging the value of the significant model performance improvements. Let's find common ground that reflects both the data's potential and its limitations.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 6000. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the improvements in model performance and the necessary considerations regarding data longevity and entropy. It recognizes the value of the data while addressing potential risks.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5800. I believe this price strikes a solid balance, acknowledging the seller's concerns while still reflecting the value of the data for model performance improvements. It allows us to move forward with a fair negotiation that considers both parties' perspectives.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5900. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the value of the data product and the concerns regarding data longevity and performance. It demonstrates my willingness to negotiate while acknowledging the limitations we've discussed.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, taking into account the seller's previous offer while still considering the risks associated with data longevity and performance. This price demonstrates my commitment to reaching a fair agreement that acknowledges the value of the data product.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5800. This price reflects a fair compromise, considering both the value of the data and the concerns about its longevity and performance. It acknowledges the ongoing negotiation dynamics while providing a reasonable opportunity for both parties to move forward.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's concerns about data longevity and performance, while still reflecting my interest in acquiring the data. It provides a reasonable opportunity for both parties to reach a deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5700. This price reflects a fair compromise that considers both the data's value and the concerns we've discussed regarding its longevity and performance. Let's move towards closing this deal.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5600. This price represents a reasonable step towards a mutually beneficial agreement, taking into account the ongoing concerns about data longevity and performance while still reflecting the value I see in the data. Let's find common ground and move closer to closing this deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5700. This price reflects a balance between the value of the data and the ongoing concerns regarding its longevity and performance. It's a reasonable offer that acknowledges the risks while ensuring we're moving closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5600. This price acknowledges the seller's concerns about data longevity and performance while still reflecting a reasonable valuation of the data's potential benefits. It is a step towards finding common ground in our negotiations.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5600. I believe this price reflects a fair balance considering the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's previous offer. It acknowledges the data's value while remaining mindful of the concerns about longevity and performance.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5500. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the value of the data while still considering the ongoing concerns about its longevity and performance. It reflects my intent to reach a mutually beneficial agreement as we move forward in these negotiations.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5600. I believe this price reflects the ongoing negotiations and acknowledges the value of the data while considering the buyer's previous offer of 5500. It's a fair compromise that balances both parties' interests.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5500. I believe this price continues to reflect a balanced perspective on the data's value while maintaining our negotiation's integrity. It's a reasonable offer that addresses the seller's last price while considering my previous position.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5600. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, taking into account the ongoing negotiations and the balance between the data's value and the buyer's concerns about its longevity and performance. Let's aim for a conclusion that satisfies both parties.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5500. I believe this price adequately reflects the ongoing negotiations and balances the data's perceived value with the concerns about its longevity and performance. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' positions.