Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 suggests a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be appealing to certain sectors looking for efficiency gains. The market value of 0.5 indicates a decent level of demand, but the presence of multiple NULL traits (Data Entropy, Data Life, History) indicates a lack of critical information that could affect the product¡¯s overall value. Therefore, while there is potential, the uncertainty surrounding the NULL traits limits the confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement over existing solutions, which can be appealing in a competitive market. The low data entropy suggests that the data is clean and reliable, albeit the short data life could limit long-term usage. The overall market score of 0.5 points to a reasonable demand for such a product, even with limited historical data. Therefore, the expected price reflects a balance of these factors.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1475.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant value of the data product, considering its moderate enhancement in model performance and the reliability of the data. The competitive market demands quality, and I believe this price is justified for a product that can provide tangible improvements.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. While I acknowledge the seller's perspective on the moderate enhancement in model performance, the presence of NULL traits introduces uncertainty that affects the overall value. Therefore, I believe a lower price is more appropriate for this data product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the significant value and reliability of the data product while acknowledging the uncertainties posed by NULL traits. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the product's worth and the buyer's interest.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's potential while considering the uncertainties associated with NULL traits. It demonstrates my commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement while respecting the inherent value of the data product.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the value of the data product and the uncertainties associated with its NULL traits. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price appropriately reflects the value of the data product while recognizing the uncertainties associated with its NULL traits. I am confident that this offer can lead us to a successful agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while acknowledging the uncertainties introduced by NULL traits. It's a fair compromise that can lead us both to a satisfactory agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price still acknowledges the uncertainties associated with the product while reflecting its inherent value. It's a competitive offer that aims to bridge our perspectives and facilitate a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects a fair balance between the product's value and the uncertainties associated with its NULL traits. I believe it represents a solid opportunity for both parties to reach an agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1550. This price reflects my continued evaluation of the data product's potential, while still recognizing the uncertainties associated with its NULL traits. I believe this offer is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges both the product's value and the need for a prudent approach.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1550. I believe this price considers the product's value while acknowledging the uncertainties, creating a fair opportunity for both parties to reach an agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while considering the uncertainties involved. It positions us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement, acknowledging the seller's concerns while still aiming for a reasonable compromise.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects a balance between the product's inherent value and the uncertainties we've discussed, making it a reasonable offer for both parties.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price acknowledges the value of the data product while considering the uncertainties that have been brought up in our discussions. It reflects a fair compromise that allows us to move closer to an agreement while still recognizing the risks involved.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1500. This price reflects a cautious yet fair approach, considering both the product's inherent value and the uncertainties posed by its NULL traits. I believe this is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the concerns from both sides.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1450. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the seller's concerns about the product's uncertainties while still valuing its potential. It's a strategic move to bridge our positions closer together, aiming for a fair resolution that respects both parties' interests.