Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': 'The product has a long data life and sufficient capacity, which are advantageous traits for potential users. However, the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, and History limits the confidence in its overall value. The market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand, which supports a reasonable price point.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a measurable enhancement in performance, which can be attractive to potential buyers. The capacity being described as "enough" suggests that the product can handle the necessary workload. However, the high data entropy implies a complexity that may require more advanced handling and expertise. The long data life adds value, as it suggests longevity and potential for sustained use. The market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand, so while there\'s interest, it may not be overwhelming. Considering these factors, a price of 1500 reflects a balance of the product\'s strengths and the moderate market dynamics.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1735.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the strong Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, the product's sufficient capacity, and its long data life, all of which enhance its value in the market despite the moderate demand indicated by the market score of 0.5.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. While the product has a long data life and sufficient capacity, the moderate market demand and limited information on Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy lead me to a more cautious valuation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects a balanced approach, recognizing the product's strong performance improvement and capacity while still acknowledging the moderate demand and limited information available. Let's find a middle ground that benefits both parties.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1725. This price reflects my recognition of the product¡¯s strong performance improvement while still considering the moderate demand and the cautious approach suggested by previous discussions. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both our perspectives.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects a solid balance, considering the product's strong performance and capacity while acknowledging the current market's moderate demand. It's a fair compromise that can foster a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1720. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's perspective while still valuing the product's strong performance and capacity. It acknowledges the current market conditions and aims for a fair compromise that continues to foster collaboration.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1740. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the product's strong performance and the current market conditions, while also acknowledging the buyer's previous offers.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1730. I believe this price is a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's perspective while still valuing the product's strong performance and capacity. This shows my willingness to collaborate while being mindful of the market conditions.