Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and high data entropy, indicating that it may be capable of handling complex datasets and providing insights. However, the NULL traits limit the overall understanding of its potential application and market fit, which restricts the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '25000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2, implying it has the potential to enhance existing models. The capacity is adequate, and the data life is long, indicating sustainable usage. However, the high data entropy suggests complexity in the data, which may require more sophisticated handling. The market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand. While the lack of historical data limits confidence, the other traits support a reasonable valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 30000. The data product exhibits a significant model performance improvement of 0.2 and has a long data life, making it highly valuable for enhancing existing models. Its complexity due to high data entropy suggests a need for sophisticated handling, underscoring its worth in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 500. The price proposed is excessively high given the limitations of the product, particularly the NULL traits that restrict its overall understanding and market fit. I believe a more reasonable starting point reflects the uncertainties surrounding its application.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2500. While I appreciate the buyer's interest, the data product has significant limitations that affect its overall utility and market fit, which justifies a higher price than previous offers.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2400. I believe that the limitations mentioned by the seller do affect the product's value, yet I still see potential in it. My offer reflects a fair assessment of its current market fit and my willingness to invest, while still considering the constraints outlined.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2000. The previous offers have shown that there is some recognition of the product's potential, but I still believe my price reflects the limitations while remaining reasonable. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges the value without overstating the worth.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the product's potential and addressing the limitations highlighted by the seller. It reflects my willingness to negotiate while still being mindful of my budget. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2000. This price reflects a balance between the product's limitations and its potential value, ensuring I remain fair while also acknowledging the buyer's interest. Let's move forward toward a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1900. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting the product's limitations and my interest in reaching a fair deal. Let's continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2000. This price reflects the potential value of the product while acknowledging its limitations. It positions us closer to a fair deal, considering the buyer's last offer of 1900. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1900. This price shows my continued interest in the product while recognizing the seller's latest offer. It reflects my understanding of its limitations and potential, keeping us on the path towards a fair agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2000. While I recognize the buyer's interest, the product's limitations still justify this price point, balancing potential value and market fit.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this price is fair given the continuous discussion around the product's limitations while still recognizing its potential value. I am confident that this offer reflects a reasonable compromise that can lead us to an agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1950. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the product's potential while considering its limitations. It also brings us closer to an agreement after several rounds of negotiation.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1850. I believe this price strikes a balance by recognizing the product's potential while still addressing its limitations. It is a reasonable step towards reaching a fair agreement, considering the negotiation history we've had.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1900. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the product's limitations while still recognizing its potential value. Let's move towards a resolution.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1800. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the product's limitations while still recognizing its potential. It's a step towards a mutually beneficial resolution, and I'm eager to reach an agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 1850. This price reflects a careful consideration of the product's potential and limitations while aiming for a fair compromise as we approach the conclusion of our negotiations.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 1750. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting the limitations and potential of the product. I'm aiming for a mutually beneficial agreement as we move closer to finalizing this deal.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 1800. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the product's limitations while still acknowledging its potential value. Let's move forward towards closing this deal.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price is a reasonable adjustment considering the ongoing negotiations and the need to find common ground while still valuing the product's potential. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.