Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product has a high data entropy, indicating that it contains complex and diverse data which can be valuable in certain applications. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement and data life limits its potential. The market factor suggests a moderate demand, which balances out the overall value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating its potential to enhance existing models. The capacity is sufficient, and the data life is long, which suggests longevity and usability. However, the high data entropy may indicate complexity and potential challenges in data management. The market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand, but the lack of historical data is a concern. Overall, these factors combine to provide a reasonable valuation, considering the strengths and weaknesses noted.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which highlights the potential of the data product to significantly enhance existing models. The longevity of the data and its sufficient capacity further support this valuation, despite the complexities indicated by high data entropy. Given these strong attributes, I believe this price is justified in the current market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. The substantial gap between my offer and your price reflects my assessment of the data product, which, while having high data entropy, lacks sufficient information on model performance improvement and data longevity to justify the high valuation. I believe my offer aligns more closely with the current market conditions and the value I perceive in the product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2000. The product has high data entropy and lacks performance information, which keeps its value lower than the buyer's initial offer. This new price reflects a fair adjustment while still recognizing the product's potential.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1900. The seller's current offer is a step towards recognizing the product's potential, but I still believe the high data entropy and lack of performance information necessitate a more conservative valuation. This price reflects my continued interest while remaining mindful of the product's limitations.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2100. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation considering the product's potential while still addressing the concerns regarding data entropy and performance information.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I recognize the seller's viewpoint on the product's potential, but I still need to maintain a cautious approach due to the ongoing concerns regarding data entropy and the lack of detailed performance information.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2050. This reflects a slight increase while still considering the ongoing concerns about data entropy and performance information. I'm recognizing the buyer's interest but am maintaining a cautious approach given the product's limitations.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price accurately reflects the ongoing concerns about data entropy and performance information while also acknowledging the potential value of the product. By offering a price that's still competitive but slightly lower than the seller's, I aim to find a middle ground that recognizes both parties' perspectives.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2020. This price reflects a balance between recognizing the potential of the product and the ongoing concerns about data entropy and performance information. I believe this is a fair step toward a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1950. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the seller's recent offer while still being mindful of the ongoing concerns regarding data entropy and performance information. I believe this adjustment brings us closer to an agreement that recognizes both the potential of the product and its limitations.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2000. Given the previous discussions and the buyer's last offer of 1950, I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's potential and the ongoing concerns about data entropy. I am confident this will lead us closer to an agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1950. I believe this is a reasonable compromise considering the seller's recent offer of 2000, while still reflecting my ongoing concerns about data entropy and the need for more performance information. This price allows us to move forward towards a potential agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2000. This price reflects a careful consideration of the product's potential while still acknowledging the ongoing concerns about data entropy and performance information. It strikes a fair balance, allowing us to move forward in the negotiation.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, considering the ongoing concerns about data entropy and the performance information that remains unclear. It shows my willingness to engage while still valuing the product conservatively.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2000. This price reflects a fair balance considering the ongoing concerns about data entropy and the potential of the product. It's a reasonable step forward in our negotiations while still addressing the limitations we've discussed.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's concerns about data entropy while still recognizing the potential value of the product. It's a step forward that aligns with our previous discussions and aims to keep the negotiations moving positively.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 1950. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise given the ongoing concerns about data entropy and the lack of sufficient performance information, while still recognizing the product's potential value.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 1850. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between recognizing the potential value of the product while also accounting for the persistent concerns regarding data entropy and insufficient performance information. This offer reflects my willingness to make progress in our negotiations while maintaining a cautious approach.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 1900. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the concerns about data entropy while recognizing the product's potential value. Let's move forward and finalize this deal.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 1800. I believe this price is a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's potential while still considering the concerns about data entropy and insufficient performance information. Let's find a resolution that works for both of us.