Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': 'The product has a long data life and sufficient capacity, which are strong positive traits. However, the high data entropy suggests complexity, and with the market demand at 0.5, this indicates moderate interest. The lack of information on model performance improvement and history introduces uncertainty. Thus, while there is value, it is tempered by the market conditions and incomplete data.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product demonstrates a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which suggests it can enhance existing models effectively. The long Data Life indicates that the data will remain relevant for an extended period, and a high Data Entropy implies diversity and richness in the data, potentially leading to better insights. However, the market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand, and the NULL history trait suggests a lack of prior performance data, which limits the confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1755.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, which indicates exceptional potential for enhancing existing models, as well as the long Data Life, ensuring the data remains relevant for an extended period. Additionally, the high Data Entropy suggests a rich diversity in the data, leading to valuable insights.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. While I recognize the potential for Model Performance Improvement and the long Data Life, the market conditions and the high data entropy introduce some uncertainty. Therefore, I believe 1700 is a fair starting point for negotiations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. This reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement and long Data Life that the buyer highlighted, while also considering the market uncertainty I mentioned previously. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the data product while remaining competitive.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1725. This price reflects my appreciation for the seller's acknowledgment of the value of the data product, while still considering the market conditions. It represents a strong and fair offer that balances both parties' interests.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects the true value of the data product while acknowledging the buyer's previous offer of 1725. This price maintains our negotiation momentum and demonstrates my willingness to find a fair agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1760. I recognize the seller's perspective on the value of the data product and want to find a fair agreement that reflects its worth while also demonstrating my commitment to this negotiation.