Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a modest enhancement in performance, which can be attractive to certain segments of the market. The market rating of 0.5 suggests a decent level of demand, though the lack of additional traits such as Data Entropy, Data Life, and History limits the product's overall appeal and potential for a higher price. Given sufficient capacity, the product could still find a niche, hence the valuation is moderate.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating a notable enhancement in its performance. Additionally, the capacity is sufficient, and the data life is long, suggesting that the product could be utilized effectively over an extended period. The high data entropy implies variability and richness in the data, which can be valuable for various applications. However, the market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand. The lack of historical data presents some uncertainty, but the other traits support a solid valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:15825.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, the product's ample capacity, and its long data life, all of which indicate strong potential value. The high data entropy suggests a rich dataset, making it highly applicable across various domains.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 14000. The seller's price of 18000 is too high considering the modest Model Performance Improvement and the lack of additional appealing traits such as Data Entropy and History. I believe that a price of 14000 reflects a more realistic valuation given the current market demand and product characteristics.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 16000. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the modest improvements and potential value, while also acknowledging the buyer's interest. Let's move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 15800. I believe this price strikes a balance between our discussions while reflecting the potential value of the product. It acknowledges the seller's improvements without overshooting their offer, allowing us to move closer to a favorable agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 15900. I believe this price reflects a reasonable midpoint that acknowledges the improvements made while still being attractive to the buyer. It's a fair compromise to move towards closing the deal.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 15850. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's recent improvement claims and my interest in securing a favorable deal. It's a strategic move to keep the negotiations progressing while still maintaining my position.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 15800. This price reflects a fair balance considering the previous negotiations and the incremental improvements made. I believe this is a reasonable offer that acknowledges the buyer's position while also valuing the enhancements in the model's performance.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 15750. I believe this price strikes a fair compromise between our previous discussions and acknowledges the incremental improvements while still allowing room for negotiation. Let's keep the conversation moving toward a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 15850. I believe this price reflects the incremental improvements we've discussed while also recognizing the buyer's last offer of 15750. It's a reasonable step towards a fair agreement that values the enhancements made.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 15800. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between our previous discussions and acknowledges the improvements presented by the seller. It demonstrates my willingness to negotiate further while remaining mindful of the overall value.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 15850. I believe this price reflects the incremental improvements made while still considering the buyer's previous offer. It's a fair and reasonable compromise that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 15800. I believe this price represents a fair compromise, acknowledging the seller's recent improvements while still aligning with my previous offers. This approach not only respects the ongoing negotiation but also shows my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 15825. I believe this price reflects a balanced approach, acknowledging the buyer's interest while also recognizing the incremental improvements made to the product since our last discussions. It's a fair compromise that should appeal to both parties.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 15800. I believe this price demonstrates my commitment to reaching a fair agreement while considering the seller's incremental improvements. It's a reasonable step towards closing the deal, and I hope it reflects my willingness to negotiate further.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 15850. This reflects the incremental improvements that have been discussed throughout our negotiations, and I believe it strikes a fair balance between our positions, demonstrating my willingness to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 15800. I believe this price reflects my commitment to a fair and reasonable agreement, considering the incremental improvements that have been discussed. It also aligns closely with the seller's latest offer, showing my willingness to negotiate while remaining firm on my valuation.