Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate level of enhancement, which can be attractive to potential users. However, the short data life and lack of additional context (such as data entropy, history, or market information) suggest that the product may not have long-term viability or broad appeal. This limits the overall value, resulting in a conservative estimate.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating it can enhance model effectiveness to some degree. However, the low data entropy suggests that the data may not provide diverse insights, and a short data life limits its long-term utility. The market value of 0.5 indicates potential demand, but overall, the traits suggest a product with moderate appeal.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 4000. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement of the data product, indicating its ability to enhance model effectiveness, despite the limitations in data entropy and life. I believe this value captures its potential appeal in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. While the Model Performance Improvement is notable, the short data life and limited context significantly reduce the long-term value of this product. My offer reflects a cautious approach to the potential risks involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 3500. The data product provides significant Model Performance Improvement, and while I understand the concerns about data limitations, its potential value in the right applications is substantial.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 3400. The data product's potential for Model Performance Improvement is acknowledged, but the ongoing concerns regarding its data limitations and short lifespan greatly impact its value for me. I believe a lower price reflects the risks involved while still recognizing the product's capabilities.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 3600. The data product has unique capabilities and substantial potential for model performance improvement, which justifies a higher price than the buyer's previous offer.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 3500. The seller's offer of 3600 is close to my previous bid, and while I recognize the potential for model performance improvement, I still have concerns about the product's short lifespan and limited context impacting its long-term value.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 3550. This reflects my assessment of the data product's potential for significant model performance improvement while still addressing concerns about its short lifespan and limited context. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the value while being mindful of the risks involved.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 3500. This price reflects my understanding of the data product's potential while considering the significant concerns about its short lifespan and limited context. I believe this is a reasonable offer that balances the value and risks involved.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 3550. This price reflects the significant potential for model performance improvement while addressing concerns about short data life and limited context. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the value of the data product.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 3500. This price acknowledges the seller's concerns while still reflecting my viewpoint on the data product's limitations and potential risks. I believe it is a reasonable offer that balances both parties' interests.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 3600. This price reflects the data product's unique capabilities and potential for model performance improvement while acknowledging the ongoing concerns about its short lifespan and limited context. It strikes a balance between value and risk, and I believe it presents a fair opportunity for both parties to move forward.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 3500. This price acknowledges the product's potential for model performance improvement while still considering the concerns regarding its short lifespan and limited context. I believe this offer is a reasonable step towards reaching an agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 3550. This price reflects the data product's significant potential for model performance improvement, while also considering the ongoing concerns regarding its short lifespan and limited context. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the value and risks involved.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 3450. This price reflects my continued concern about the product's short lifespan and limited context, while still recognizing its potential for model performance improvement. I believe this is a reasonable step towards finding a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 3500. I believe this price reflects the significant potential of the data product for model performance improvement while also acknowledging the concerns over its short lifespan and limited context. Let's find a middle ground that recognizes the value on both sides.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 3400. I believe this price recognizes the potential of the data product for model performance improvement while still addressing the concerns about its short lifespan and limited context. It strikes a balance between value and risk, paving the way for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 3450. This price reflects the ongoing concerns regarding the short lifespan and limited context of the data product, while still recognizing its potential for model performance improvement. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the value while also being mindful of the risks involved.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 3350. This price reflects my ongoing concerns about the data product's short lifespan and limited context, while still acknowledging its potential for model performance improvement. I believe this offer is both fair and reasonable, given the risks involved.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 3400. I believe this price reflects the data product's unique capabilities while acknowledging the ongoing concerns regarding its short lifespan and limited context. This offer balances the potential value against the buyer's apprehensions.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 3300. I believe this price takes into account the ongoing concerns regarding the data product's short lifespan and limited context, while still recognizing its potential for model performance improvement. This offer reflects a fair balance between value and risk as we approach the final stages of negotiation.