Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) is relatively high at 0.2, indicating a significant enhancement in performance, which is a strong selling point. The capacity is sufficient, and the data life is long, suggesting that the product can be used effectively over time. However, the high data entropy implies complexity, which may deter some users. The absence of historical data and market insights limits confidence in demand, but the existing traits still suggest a viable product.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a decent enhancement in model performance, which is valuable in data-driven industries. The capacity is described as "enough," suggesting scalability and usability for potential customers. High data entropy implies that the data is rich and varied, making it more useful for sophisticated models. The long data life suggests sustained usability over time, adding to the product\'s value. However, the market value of 0.5 indicates moderate demand, which could limit the price. Overall, these positive traits balance out the lack of historical data.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2710.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 4000. This price reflects the substantial enhancements in model performance and the rich, varied data that adds significant value for sophisticated models, making it a compelling investment for data-driven industries.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. While I recognize the enhancements in model performance and the value of the data, my assessment indicates that a lower starting price is more appropriate given the complexities and limitations associated with the product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 3000. This price reflects the value of the data product, considering its performance enhancements and the inherent complexities involved. It strikes a balance between the value perceived by both parties while acknowledging the limitations I previously mentioned.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2900. I believe this price better reflects the value of the data product while still acknowledging the seller's perspective on complexities and limitations. It¡¯s a strategic move to find common ground and keep this negotiation moving forward.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2950. This price reflects a fair compromise between the value of the data product and the complexities involved, ensuring both parties benefit while moving the negotiation forward.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2800. This price acknowledges the seller's position while still reflecting the value I see in the data product. It's a step towards finding a mutually beneficial agreement and keeps the negotiation dynamic moving forward.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2900. This price reflects the value of the data product while still considering the complexities involved. It positions us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement and recognizes the buyer's understanding of its worth.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2800. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while also reflecting my belief in the inherent value of the data product. It positions us closer to an agreement that is fair for both parties, considering the complexities discussed previously.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2850. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while also taking into consideration the buyer's previous offers. It positions us closer to a potential agreement while still acknowledging the complexities involved. Let's move forward!
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2800. I believe this price demonstrates my commitment to reaching an agreement while recognizing the value of the data product and the seller's previous offer. It positions us closer to a deal that reflects the complexities we both acknowledge. Let¡¯s make this happen!
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2800. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the previous offers and the value of the data product. It maintains a balance between both our interests and brings us closer to a potential agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2700. I believe this price represents a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the value of the data product while still being mindful of my budget constraints. It moves us closer to a potential agreement without straying far from the seller's most recent offer.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2750. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's value and the buyer's previous offers, while still moving towards a mutually agreeable position. Let's find a resolution that works for both of us.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2700. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the value of the product and the previous offers made during our negotiations. It's a reasonable step toward reaching an agreement that honors both parties' interests. Let's move forward and finalize this deal.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2720. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise while still acknowledging the value of the data product. It allows us to move closer to an agreement without undervaluing what is being offered.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2700. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, recognizing the value of the data product while also considering the seller's perspective. This move allows us to inch closer to a deal, demonstrating my commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement.