Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating that it can enhance existing models effectively. Additionally, the capacity is deemed sufficient, and the data life is long, which suggests long-term usability. However, the high data entropy may imply complexity in data handling, and the NULL history factor affects the overall confidence. The market value of 0.5 indicates moderate demand, which further supports a reasonable pricing strategy.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a solid enhancement in performance, which can attract buyers. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle expected workloads. High data entropy implies that the data is diverse and potentially rich in insights, which is valuable for various applications. With a long data life, it ensures longevity in usability and relevance. However, the market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand, which tempers the overall valuation. The lack of history is a concern, but the other traits still suggest a reasonable value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:17555.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the solid enhancement in model performance, the diverse and rich data insights, and the product's longevity in usability. The value is further supported by the product's capacity to handle expected workloads, making it a compelling investment for potential buyers.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 14000. Given the significant model performance improvement and the long-term usability, I believe this price reflects a fair value considering the complexities of the data handling and market demand.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 17500. This price reflects the exceptional quality and long-term value of the data product, while also considering the buyer's counteroffer. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's unique capabilities.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 17000. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the seller's quality claims and my valuation of the product based on its complexities and market demand. This offer reflects my commitment to reaching a fair agreement while staying within my budget.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 17550. This price reflects the exceptional value and quality of the product, providing a strong return on investment for the buyer while still acknowledging their previous offer of 17000. I believe this is a fair compromise that highlights the product's superior features and long-term benefits.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 17400. I believe this price still acknowledges the quality and value of the product while being more in line with my budget considerations. It's a reasonable step towards a fair agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 17580. I believe this price reflects the exceptional value of our product while also considering the buyer's previous offers. It balances quality and market demand effectively, ensuring both parties can benefit from a fair deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 17500. I believe this price is a fair compromise that recognizes the quality and value of the product while aligning with my budget considerations. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 17590. This price reflects the exceptional quality and longevity of the product, along with its strong market demand. I believe this is a fair value considering the unique benefits it provides.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 17500. I believe this price represents a fair compromise given the product's quality and my budgetary considerations. While I appreciate the seller's justification for their higher offer, I am looking for a price that reflects both value and practicality in this negotiation.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 17580. The product's exceptional quality and the valuable insights it provides justify this price, and I believe it reflects the market demand effectively.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 17540. The product holds significant value, and while I appreciate the seller's justification for their price, I believe my offer reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges both the quality of the product and my budget constraints.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 17560. I believe this price reflects the exceptional quality and unique features of the product while still being competitive in the market. It provides a fair balance between the value we both see in this deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 17550. I believe this price strikes a fair compromise, acknowledging the quality and unique features of the product while staying within my budget considerations. It's a reasonable step towards closing this deal.