Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity, which indicates it can handle a reasonable amount of data, but the lack of information on key traits such as Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, Data Life, History, and Market significantly limits its perceived value. Therefore, while there is potential, the uncertainty surrounding the product leads to a conservative estimate.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can enhance existing models to a certain degree. The low data entropy suggests that the data is reliable and can provide consistent results, while the "enough" capacity implies it can handle substantial workloads. However, the short data life and lack of historical context raise concerns about long-term usability and value. The market scoring at 0.3 reflects limited demand, which may hinder pricing potential. Overall, while the product has some positive traits, the drawbacks limit its overall value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the data product¡¯s ability to deliver a moderate model performance improvement and reliable results, despite some limitations. I believe it holds substantial value for those looking to enhance their existing models.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4900. The product shows potential with its moderate model performance improvement, but the uncertainties regarding its key traits limit its value. My offer reflects a conservative approach to the perceived risks involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. The product provides a significant value with its notable performance enhancements and proven reliability, making it a wise investment despite the buyer's concerns. This price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the buyer's perspective while still valuing the quality and benefits of the product.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5400. The product's value is undeniable, and while I appreciate the seller's perspective on its performance and reliability, I still have reservations that warrant a lower price. This offer reflects a balanced approach, recognizing the seller's quality while keeping my concerns in mind.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price accurately reflects the quality and reliability of the product while still being competitive in the market. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges the product's value.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I recognize the seller's emphasis on quality and reliability, and I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the product's value while still addressing my concerns about uncertainties. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects the product's strong quality and performance while still being a fair compromise considering the buyer's concerns.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I recognize the seller's emphasis on quality and performance, but I believe my offer remains a fair compromise that reflects my concerns while still valuing the product appropriately.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the solid quality and reliability of the product while considering the buyer's perspective on value and risk. I'm confident this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's strengths.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price acknowledges the product's quality and reliability, while still being mindful of the risks and uncertainties that come with it. This is a reasonable and fair offer that reflects both parties' interests.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects the quality and reliability of the product while also acknowledging the buyer's previous concerns. It's a fair compromise that recognizes the value on both sides.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price aligns with the value of the product while still addressing my concerns about its uncertainties. It's a reasonable offer that reflects my appreciation for the product's quality and reliability, yet balances the risks involved.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this reflects the product's strong quality and reliability, while also addressing the buyer's concerns about uncertainties. It's a fair price that recognizes the value of the product while remaining competitive in the market.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects the strong quality and reliability of the product while still addressing my concerns about the associated risks. It¡¯s a reasonable offer that acknowledges the seller's valuation while remaining within my budget.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects the product's exceptional quality and reliability while also considering the buyer's budget constraints. Let's find a fair compromise that benefits both parties.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I recognize the seller's emphasis on the product's quality and reliability, and I believe this price strikes a fair balance considering my budget constraints and the associated risks. Let's move towards a resolution that benefits us both.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the strong quality and reliability of the product while addressing the buyer's concerns about uncertainties. It's a fair compromise, considering the value the product brings to the table.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5400. This price reflects my recognition of the product's quality and reliability while still addressing my concerns about uncertainties. I believe this is a fair offer that balances both our perspectives as we approach the final rounds of negotiation.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the consistent quality and reliability of the product, which I believe justifies the value for both parties given the ongoing negotiations.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5400. This price considers the seller's consistent valuation of the product's quality and reliability while addressing my budget constraints. It represents a fair compromise that reflects both parties' interests and the ongoing negotiations.