Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The product has enough capacity and a market value of 0.3, indicating some level of demand. However, the lack of information on key traits like Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy suggests that the product's potential could be limited. Thus, while it has a reasonable base price due to its capacity and market presence, the uncertainty from the NULL traits reduces the confidence in the valuation.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates potential effectiveness. With enough capacity and low data entropy, it suggests the product can handle data efficiently and is likely reliable. However, the short data life and lack of historical data indicate limited long-term value. The market demand of 0.3 suggests a moderate interest, which can support the price. Overall, the combination of these factors leads to a reasonable valuation, albeit with caution due to the short data life.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:8875.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the potential effectiveness of the data product, as indicated by a moderate Model Performance Improvement and efficient data handling capabilities. While I acknowledge its short data life, the current market demand suggests a strong interest that justifies this valuation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. While I understand the seller's perspective on the data product's potential effectiveness and market demand, my assessment of its limited traits and uncertainties leads me to a more conservative valuation. Let's find a price that works for both of us.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 10000. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between our positions, taking into account the product's value and market potential, while still acknowledging the buyer's concerns.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 9500. This price is a balanced assessment that acknowledges the seller's valuation while still aligning with my budgetary considerations. It reflects the potential I see in the data product, yet remains within a reasonable range to facilitate a successful negotiation.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 9500. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise between the value of the data product and the buyer's budget while acknowledging the potential for further negotiation in our remaining rounds.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 9000. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the seller's valuation and my budget constraints while still reflecting the value I see in the data product. It also allows for a reasonable negotiation space as we continue our discussions.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 9100. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the value of the data product and the buyer's budget constraints, while also taking into account the previous offers made. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 9000. I believe this maintains a reasonable stance given our previous discussions and aligns with my budgetary constraints while still recognizing the value of the data product. Let's move towards finalizing this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 9050. This price reflects a slight increase from the previous round, aiming to find common ground while still recognizing the product's value and the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 8950. This price reflects my continued effort to negotiate fairly while considering the seller's recent offer and my budget constraints. I believe this amount strikes a balance between acknowledging the product's perceived value and remaining within my financial limits.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 9000. This reflects a reasonable compromise given the ongoing discussions and the buyer's last offer. It acknowledges the value of the product while remaining competitive in our negotiations.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 8950. I believe this price reflects a fair evaluation of the product's worth while still being competitive. It allows us to inch closer to a resolution that benefits both parties.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 8950. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while maintaining a competitive edge in our negotiations.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 8850. I believe this price is a reasonable step towards a mutually beneficial agreement, reflecting my appreciation for the product while still adhering to my budget constraints.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 8900. This price reflects a slight adjustment to encourage progress in our negotiations while still considering the product's value and the buyer's budget. Let's find common ground and move towards a resolution.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 8850. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between our previous discussions and the seller's most recent offer. It shows my willingness to negotiate while still respecting my budget constraints. Let's continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.