Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has low data entropy, indicating that the data is clean and structured, which can be valuable for analysis and decision-making. However, the absence of information on model performance improvement, data life, history, and market limits its overall valuation. The capacity being sufficient suggests it can handle current data needs, but without more concrete traits, the price is conservative.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating a moderate enhancement in performance, which can attract interest. However, the short data life and low data entropy suggest that the product might not provide long-term value. The market score of 0.3 indicates low demand or competitive pressure, which can also affect pricing. Overall, the combination of these traits leads to a cautious but reasonable valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1605.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the product's moderate enhancement in performance, which can attract interest despite its short data life and low demand in the market. I believe this price accurately captures the value I am providing.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. The seller's offer does not reflect the full potential value of the data product considering its low demand and short data life. My offer takes into account the need for more information regarding its overall utility and performance improvement.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects the product's true value, taking into account its potential for performance enhancement despite the current demand challenges. This is a fair compromise that allows us to move forward in the negotiation.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price strikes a balance between our previous discussions and acknowledges the product's potential while considering the current market demand. It reflects a more reasonable valuation that can facilitate our agreement moving forward.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price strikes a fair balance considering the product's performance, demand challenges, and the recent offers from both sides. It allows us to move forward while acknowledging the product's potential.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price is a reasonable midpoint that reflects the challenges of demand while still recognizing the product's capabilities. It allows us to make progress in our negotiations while being mindful of our respective positions.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1625. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the product's performance while considering the prevailing market conditions and demand challenges. Let's move forward with this negotiation.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that reflects the product's value while still considering the current market conditions and demand challenges. Let's find a way to finalize this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1610. This price reflects a slight increase that acknowledges the buyer's position while still valuing the product¡¯s capabilities and current market conditions. I'm confident this is a fair step forward in our negotiations.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price reflects my continued belief in a fair valuation of the product, considering the ongoing discussions and the product's capabilities within the current market context. I see this as a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's position while still being mindful of the overall value.