Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The product has a low data entropy, indicating that it contains structured and reliable data, which can be valuable in the market. However, the market size is only 0.3, suggesting limited demand. The NULL traits indicate a lack of comprehensive performance data, which reduces overall confidence in the product's effectiveness. Therefore, the expected price reflects a balance between potential value and market limitations.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.25 indicates a decent enhancement in performance, which is attractive to potential buyers. However, the low data entropy suggests that the data is relatively simple, which may limit its appeal. The short data life could also reduce its long-term value. Nonetheless, the market score of 0.3 suggests there is some demand, which supports a moderate price point.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1570.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the enhanced performance improvement of 0.25, which makes the data product quite appealing, despite its simplicity and short data life.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. The performance improvement of 0.25 is noted, but the simplicity and short data life raise concerns about the product's overall value. Given the limited market demand and the lack of comprehensive performance data, I believe this price better reflects the product's potential in the current market.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. The product has potential, and while I have concerns about its simplicity and limited market demand, I believe this price reflects its value and the improvements made. Let¡¯s move forward with this reasonable adjustment.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1550. The product shows some potential, but I still have reservations regarding its simplicity and limited market appeal. This price reflects my willingness to negotiate while considering the concerns highlighted previously. Let's find a middle ground that benefits us both.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1575. This price reflects my willingness to find a middle ground while still recognizing the product's potential despite its limitations. Let's move forward and finalize this deal.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1550. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while maintaining my assessment of the product's limitations. It's a fair compromise that reflects my continued interest in acquiring the product while considering its potential challenges. Let's work towards closing this deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1580. I believe this reflects the value of the product while acknowledging the concerns we've discussed. It¡¯s a fair compromise that highlights the product's potential.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1560. I believe this price captures the essence of our negotiations, considering the seller's last offer while still addressing my concerns regarding the product's limitations. It's a reasonable figure that shows my continued interest in reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.