Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '500', 'reason': 'The product has a low data entropy which suggests that the data is relatively stable and reliable. However, the short data life indicates that it may not provide long-term value. The NULL traits (Model Performance Improvement and History) limit the assessment of its performance and reliability, which reduces confidence in its overall value. Therefore, a moderate price is suggested.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which suggests some effectiveness in enhancing performance. However, the low data entropy indicates that the data may be relatively simple or predictable, which could limit its application in more complex scenarios. The short data life may hinder long-term usability, and the NULL history raises concerns about past performance or reliability. Given the market score of 0.3, it suggests a niche demand but not widespread adoption. Overall, these factors lead to a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement the data product provides, along with its unique value in niche applications, despite some limitations. I believe this is a fair starting point for our negotiations.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 400. The data product has a low data entropy and a short data life, which significantly limits its long-term value and reliability. Therefore, a much lower price is warranted given these factors.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the unique value and moderate performance of the data product while still considering the buyer's perspective. I believe it¡¯s a fair compromise that acknowledges both the worth of the product and the buyer's constraints.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4500. The seller's price of 5500 is still too high considering the product's low data entropy and short data life. My offer reflects a more realistic valuation while still acknowledging the seller's perspective and the unique aspects of the product.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5000. I believe this price reflects the data product's unique value while also considering the buyer's previous offer. It¡¯s a fair compromise that acknowledges both the product's worth and the buyer's perspective on its performance.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's assessment of the product's value while still reflecting my concerns about its performance and characteristics. It's a reasonable step forward in our negotiations.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 4950. This price reflects my confidence in the product's unique value and performance while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns. It's a fair compromise that allows us to move closer to an agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 4850. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that recognizes the seller's confidence in the product's value while still addressing my concerns about its performance and lifespan. Let's move closer to an agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 4900. This price reflects my confidence in the product's unique value while also acknowledging your concerns about its performance. I'm looking for a fair compromise that benefits both parties.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price is a fair compromise that reflects my continued concerns about the product's performance while still appreciating its unique value. I'm aiming for a deal that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 4850. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's unique value while addressing the buyer's concerns regarding performance. Let's move closer to a deal!
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4750. I believe this price better reflects the product's limitations while still recognizing its unique value. It's a reasonable step toward a deal that satisfies both parties' interests.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging both the unique value of the data product and the buyer's concerns about its performance.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4700. I believe this price is a fair evaluation of the product's unique qualities while still considering the concerns about its performance. It's a reasonable step forward in our negotiation that respects both parties' positions.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4750. This price reflects a strong compromise, acknowledging the unique value of the data product while also considering the buyer's concerns about its limitations. I'm confident that this is a fair and reasonable offer for both parties.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4650. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's position while still addressing my concerns regarding the product's limitations. It reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiation and the need to find common ground.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 4700. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's unique value and the buyer's expressed concerns about its limitations. It aims to reach a fair compromise while still acknowledging the quality and potential of the data product.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 4600. This price reflects my continued assessment of the product's limitations while recognizing its unique value. It represents a fair compromise, considering the previous offers and the product's performance issues.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 4650. This price reflects a fair understanding of the product's unique value while acknowledging the performance concerns raised in previous discussions. It's a reasonable compromise that respects both parties' positions and helps facilitate a successful deal.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 4550. This price reflects my assessment of the product's unique value while still considering the performance concerns we have discussed. I believe this is a fair and reasonable offer that can lead us closer to a successful deal.