Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be valuable to certain businesses looking to optimize their models. However, the lack of information on data entropy, data life, history, and market limits the ability to fully assess the product\'s potential. Given the "enough" capacity, there is some assurance of usability, but the overall uncertainty lowers the confidence in this valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product shows a modest model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates it can enhance existing models to a certain degree. The capacity is sufficient, suggesting it can handle the necessary data volume. However, the low data entropy implies the data is relatively uniform, which could limit its applicability in more complex scenarios. The short data life means it may not be suitable for long-term projects, which can decrease its value. The market score of 0.3 indicates a low demand, further impacting the price. Overall, while there are some positive traits, the limitations on data life and market demand suggest a lower valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2125.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects the product's modest model performance improvement and its capacity to handle necessary data volumes, despite some limitations such as low data entropy and short data life. The current market demand may not be high, but I believe the product has significant value for the right applications.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2000. While the offered price reflects some value, I believe that the modest model performance improvement and limitations such as low data entropy and short data life justify a further reduction. I'm looking to ensure that the investment aligns better with the uncertainties surrounding the product's potential.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2400. This reflects the value of the product while acknowledging its modest performance improvements and potential value despite limitations. I believe this is a fair compromise that addresses the uncertainties and shortcomings we've discussed. Let's move forward with this offer.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2300. This price takes into account the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my assessment of the product's value and the uncertainties we've discussed. I believe this is a fair and reasonable compromise that acknowledges the product's potential while considering its limitations. Let's continue to move towards a successful agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2350. The product has shown modest performance improvements, and this price reflects both its potential and the cautious optimism from previous discussions.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2250. I believe this price acknowledges the product's modest performance improvements while still considering the uncertainties involved. It's a fair compromise that reflects both potential and caution.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2300. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's potential value and the uncertainties that still exist, aligning closely with your previous offer while acknowledging the modest improvements made.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2200. This price reflects my understanding of the product's potential while still considering the uncertainties involved. It demonstrates my willingness to negotiate and find a middle ground that acknowledges the modest improvements made, yet remains cautious about the product's overall value.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2250. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the product's potential value and the uncertainties we've discussed, allowing us to move forward in this negotiation.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2200. I believe this price reflects my continued recognition of the product's potential while considering the uncertainties we've discussed. It allows us to move forward in this negotiation with a fair compromise.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2250. This price reflects the ongoing negotiations and acknowledges the potential value of the product while still considering the uncertainties involved. It's a fair compromise that aims to bring us closer to an agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2200. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the seller's position while still valuing the product's potential. It maintains a reasonable distance from the seller's last offer, ensuring we can continue to move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2250. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's modest performance improvements and the current market dynamics, while remaining competitive enough to facilitate a potential agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2200. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while also reflecting my continued assessment of the product's value and potential limitations. It's a reasonable step towards reaching an agreement that considers both parties' perspectives as we move closer to a deal.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2200. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and acknowledges the product's potential value while also taking into account its limitations. I believe this can facilitate a successful agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2100. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the seller's position while still considering the product's potential value and the ongoing negotiations. I believe this offer strikes a balance between our previous discussions and paves the way for a successful agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 2150. This price reflects a balance between the product's potential and the cautious optimism from both sides, while still recognizing the uncertainties involved. Let's move closer to an agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 2100. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while reflecting my continued belief in the product's value, balanced against the uncertainties we've discussed. I believe this is a fair step toward reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.