Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a significant enhancement in performance, which can be highly valuable in data-driven markets. However, the lack of available data on history, market, and data life creates uncertainty in the valuation. The low data entropy suggests the data is reliable and organized, which adds value. Given these factors, a price of 5000 reflects the potential value while accounting for the missing information.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a decent enhancement in performance, which can be attractive to potential users. The capacity is deemed sufficient, suggesting the product can handle the expected workload. However, the low data entropy may imply limited variability in the data, which could restrict its application. The short data life indicates that the product might not provide long-term value. The market value of 0.3 suggests a modest demand. Overall, while there are some appealing traits, the short data life and low entropy could limit the product's overall utility, leading to a moderate price expectation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the enhanced model performance and sufficient capacity of the data product, making it an appealing choice for potential users despite some limitations. I believe this higher starting point allows room for negotiation while emphasizing the value it brings.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. While I recognize the enhanced model performance and the appeal of the data product, my valuation takes into account the uncertainty regarding historical data and market insights. I believe this price reflects a fair starting point in light of the missing information.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. I believe this price reflects the exceptional quality and insights of the data product, while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns and aiming for a more collaborative negotiation.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I believe this price is a fair compromise that reflects the quality of the data product while still addressing my concerns about historical data uncertainty and market insights. This offer shows my willingness to collaborate while ensuring I am making a prudent investment.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the exceptional quality of the data product while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns about historical data uncertainty. I believe this is a fair compromise that can facilitate a successful deal.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price demonstrates my recognition of the seller's emphasis on the product's quality while still addressing my concerns regarding historical data uncertainty. This slight adjustment reflects my commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the exceptional quality and value of the data product, while also acknowledging the buyer's recent offer, making it a fair compromise as we move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the quality of the data product and my concerns regarding its historical data uncertainty. I appreciate the seller's acknowledgment of the value, but I still need to ensure that my investment aligns with my budgetary constraints and market insights.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14500. The data product's exceptional quality and performance justify this price, and I believe it represents a fair value given the ongoing discussions and the buyer's previous offers.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the exceptional quality of the data product while staying within my budgetary constraints. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14550. This price reflects the exceptional quality of the data product while also accommodating the buyer's budgetary considerations. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the value we are providing.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14450. This price reflects my recognition of the value in the exceptional quality of the data product while still being mindful of my budgetary constraints. I believe this is a reasonable offer that acknowledges the ongoing negotiation dynamics and aims for a successful agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14575. This price reflects the exceptional quality and value of the data product while showing flexibility to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14475. This price acknowledges the seller's emphasis on the data product's quality while still reflecting my budgetary considerations. I believe this can lead us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14550. This price reflects the exceptional quality and performance of the data product while still considering the buyer's budget constraints. Let's move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14450. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the quality of the data product and addressing my budget constraints. Let's work towards a fair agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 14500. The data product maintains exceptional quality and value, and I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering both the quality and the buyer's budget constraints. Let's aim to finalize this deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price balances the exceptional quality of the data product with my budget constraints, and it reflects a fair compromise as we move towards finalizing this deal.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the exceptional quality of the data product and your budget constraints, allowing us to finalize this deal effectively.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 14300. Given the ongoing negotiations and the consistent offers around the 14,400 range, I believe this price is a reasonable step towards closing the deal while still reflecting my budgetary constraints. Let's finalize this agreement.