Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a decent model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates that it can significantly enhance existing models. The capacity is sufficient, and the low data entropy suggests that the data is reliable and consistent. However, the NULL traits (Data Life and History) indicate a lack of certain key information that could impact its long-term value. The market score of 0.3 suggests moderate demand, which keeps the price in a reasonable range.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating that it can enhance existing models to some degree. While the market value is relatively low at 0.3, the product\'s capacity being "enough" suggests it can handle significant workloads. However, the short data life and low data entropy raise concerns about its long-term viability. Overall, the combination of moderate MPI and capacity, with some limitations, suggests a reasonable price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:14625.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 and the product's capacity to handle significant workloads, making it a valuable asset despite its limitations. I believe this price accurately represents the potential benefits to the buyer.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 14000. While the product does show a decent Model Performance Improvement and has a sufficient capacity, the NULL traits such as Data Life and History present limitations that impact its long-term value. Additionally, the moderate market score indicates a relatively low demand, making this offer reasonable.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. I believe this price reflects the product's capabilities while considering the market dynamics and the buyer's interest. It strikes a balance between both our positions and opens the door for further negotiation.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14900. I believe this price maintains our negotiation momentum while reflecting my assessment of the product's value and the market conditions. It also allows for a small concession that may entice you to consider a deal, keeping our discussions constructive.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14800. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the buyer's previous offer of 14900 and reflecting the product's unique value while still addressing the market's current demand. Let's move towards a resolution.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14750. I believe this price is a fair compromise that considers the seller's offer while still reflecting my willingness to negotiate. It's a step closer to a resolution, and I value the unique aspects of the product.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14850. This price reflects a slight increase from my last offer, considering the buyer's willingness to negotiate and the product's potential value in the current market. I'm aiming for a fair resolution that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14700. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, taking into account the seller's latest offer and the ongoing negotiations. It acknowledges the product's potential while also being mindful of the limitations discussed in prior rounds. Let's work towards a resolution that benefits both parties.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14800. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between our previous discussions while acknowledging the product's value and the current market dynamics. Let's move towards a resolution.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14700. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that reflects our previous discussions while still acknowledging the value of the product. Let's move closer to a final agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14750. I believe this price strikes a balance between the product's value and the buyer's previous offer, making it a fair and competitive proposal in light of our ongoing negotiations.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14700. I believe this price reflects my willingness to negotiate fairly while considering the seller's previous offer and our ongoing discussions. It shows a reasonable compromise, and I'm eager to finalize this deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14750. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise given the buyer's last offer of 14700, while also recognizing the product's value and the necessity to move towards a resolution.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14650. I believe this price strikes a balance that acknowledges the seller's position while allowing us to inch closer to a resolution. It's a reasonable step forward, respecting the value of the product without straying too far from my previous offers.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14700. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering our previous discussions and the current market dynamics. It's a reasonable step towards finalizing the deal while respecting the product's value.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14600. I believe this price is a reasonable step towards finalizing our deal while still respecting the seller's position. It's a slight concession that reflects my commitment to reaching an agreement without undervaluing the product's worth.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 14650. I believe this price reflects a balanced approach, considering the buyer's last offer of 14600 and recognizing the ongoing negotiations while still valuing the product appropriately. Let's move closer to a resolution.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 14600. I believe this price respects the seller's latest offer while still considering my budget and the ongoing negotiations. It demonstrates my willingness to find common ground and move towards a successful deal.