Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be appealing to potential users. However, the short data life suggests that the product may not have long-term value, and the lack of market and history data makes it difficult to assess demand. The low data entropy may indicate stability, but the overall uncertainty limits the product's attractiveness.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a modest Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can enhance existing models to some degree. The low data entropy suggests that the data is reliable and consistent, which can be valuable in applications. However, the short data life implies that the data may not be useful for long-term analysis or trends, potentially limiting its appeal. The market size of 0.3 indicates a moderate demand, which further supports the valuation. Overall, while the product has some strengths, the short data life and low market value moderate its potential price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1725.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the modest Model Performance Improvement of the data product, which enhances existing models to some degree, along with the reliability and consistency indicated by the low data entropy. While the short data life and moderate market size do temper its potential, I believe the value justifies this initial offer.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. Given the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the uncertainties surrounding the product's longevity and market demand, I believe this price reflects a fair value while still allowing for negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the modest performance improvements and the existing uncertainties in the market, ensuring both parties find value in the deal.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1725. This price acknowledges the seller's thoughtful consideration of performance improvements while also reflecting my commitment to fair value amidst market uncertainties. It strikes a balance that encourages both parties to move forward confidently.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the modest performance improvements and the ongoing market uncertainties. It's a fair value that acknowledges both parties' perspectives while remaining competitive.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1725. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the performance improvements and the market uncertainties we both acknowledge. It's a reasonable step closer to a deal while still being mindful of the value on the table.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1730. This price reflects a slight increase that recognizes the buyer's interest while still considering the market uncertainties and the value of the data product. It positions us closer to a fair agreement while maintaining my confidence in the product's worth.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1720. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still being mindful of the market conditions. It positions us toward a mutually beneficial agreement and shows my continued interest in securing this data product.