Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'Despite several traits being NULL, the product has enough capacity, which indicates it can handle data requirements. However, the lack of information on model performance, data entropy, and market considerations limits the overall value. The expected price reflects a conservative estimate considering potential utility but also acknowledges the uncertainties.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25 suggests a moderate enhancement in performance, which can attract some buyers. The capacity is sufficient, and the low data entropy indicates that the data is likely reliable and consistent. However, the short data life and the NULL history reduce the product's longevity and reliability, limiting its appeal. The market score of 0.4 suggests a relatively low demand, which also affects the pricing. Overall, while there is value, it is constrained by some negative traits.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1760.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2000. This price reflects the strong potential of the data product, including a notable model performance improvement of 0.25, which can significantly enhance outcomes for users. Despite some limitations, the product¡¯s reliability and capacity present considerable value in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. While the seller emphasizes the product's potential and model performance, my evaluation considers the uncertainties surrounding the data's overall value and limitations. Therefore, my offer reflects a cautious approach to securing the best deal possible.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the value of the data while acknowledging the buyer's interest in significant model performance improvement. It¡¯s a reasonable compromise considering the uncertainties around overall data value.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1750. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the seller's perspective and the potential value I see in the data. It reflects my willingness to negotiate while still aiming for a beneficial outcome, considering the uncertainties discussed.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1800. The data has demonstrated its potential value, and I believe this price reflects a fair balance considering your interest in model performance improvements. Let's continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1700. The previous rounds have shown a willingness to negotiate, and while I recognize the value of the data, I believe this price strikes a fair balance between our offers. Let's find common ground that benefits both parties.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the buyer's interest and the potential value of the data, while also acknowledging the previous offers made in our negotiations.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price acknowledges the seller's current offer while reflecting my continued interest in securing a fair deal given the potential value of the data.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the data's potential value and aligns with the buyer's interest in model performance improvements. I believe this is a fair and reasonable offer that acknowledges both parties' perspectives.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1750. This price acknowledges the seller's latest offer while also considering the potential value of the data. It represents a fair compromise that reflects my interest in model performance improvements and maintains a balanced negotiation.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1775. This price reflects the ongoing negotiation dynamics and acknowledges the buyer's interest while still valuing the data's potential. Let's find a mutual agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1750. This price reflects a fair compromise based on our previous discussions and acknowledges the value of the data while staying within a reasonable range. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1770. I believe this price strikes a balance between the recent offers and reflects the data's potential value while addressing the buyer's interest in optimizing their model performance.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise based on our previous discussions and acknowledges the potential value of the data while still aiming to optimize my investment.