Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a decent enhancement in performance, which can be valuable in certain applications. The capacity is sufficient, and low data entropy suggests that the data is relatively clean and reliable, which adds value. However, the absence of information regarding data life, history, and market limits the confidence in the overall valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which indicates some potential for enhancing performance. However, it has low data entropy and a short data life, suggesting that the data may not be very complex or sustainable over time. The market value is moderate at 0.5, indicating a fair level of demand. Considering these factors, the expected price reflects a balance between its potential and limitations.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1607.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate potential of the data product with a Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, while also considering its limitations in data entropy and life span. I believe this price captures the value and demand in the market effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. This price takes into account the moderate potential of the data product and its limitations regarding data entropy and life span. While I recognize the value of the Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, I believe my offer reflects a more cautious approach given the uncertainties in data history and market demand.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects a balanced approach, acknowledging the data product's potential while remaining mindful of market uncertainties. I believe this is a fair compromise that addresses both parties' concerns.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a more cautious approach while still acknowledging the value of the data product. It allows us to navigate the uncertainties in the market effectively, and I hope it brings us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the data product's value while acknowledging the buyer's willingness to negotiate. It¡¯s a reasonable midpoint that can facilitate a successful deal.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a strong consideration of the market value and the ongoing negotiations while still acknowledging the seller's perspective. It provides a fair compromise that can lead us closer to a successful agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1625. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's potential and the existing market uncertainties, while also maintaining room for negotiation as we move forward.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting the value I see in the product. This allows us to move forward constructively in our negotiations.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1610. This price reflects a slight increase while still acknowledging the buyer's last offer of 1600. It demonstrates my willingness to negotiate further while recognizing the product's value in the current market context.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1605. This price reflects my continued interest in the product while also acknowledging the seller's recent offer of 1610. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the value of the data product while maintaining a cautious approach to our negotiations.