Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity, indicating it can handle the demands of users, but the short data life and multiple NULL traits suggest limitations in its overall utility and market potential. This leads to a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderately effective enhancement, which can appeal to some businesses looking to improve their data models. However, the low data entropy suggests the data is relatively predictable and stable, which is good for reliability. The short data life raises concerns about long-term value, and the NULL history means there is no track record to substantiate the effectiveness of the product. Considering the market is at 0.4, this suggests demand exists but is limited. Overall, while there is potential, the lack of historical data and the short data life lower the expected value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This reflects the value of the data product, considering its moderately effective enhancement for model performance improvement and its reliability despite some limitations. I believe this price captures the potential of the product in the current market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. Given the product's limitations, such as its short data life and multiple NULL traits, I believe this price more accurately reflects its true market potential and utility.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. This price reflects the value of the data product, considering its moderate effectiveness and reliability while still being competitive in the market. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the buyer's concerns about data limitations.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4800. Considering the limitations of the data product, such as its short data life and NULL traits, I believe this price strikes a balance between its perceived value and the concerns I have raised. It's a reasonable offer that reflects the product's effectiveness while still acknowledging the seller's position.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 4900. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while considering the buyer's concerns. It strikes a balance between my valuation and their previous offer, making it a fair deal for both parties.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price is reasonable given the previous discussions and reflects my continued concerns about the product's limitations. It's a fair compromise, maintaining the value we¡¯ve discussed while acknowledging the shortcomings of the data product.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 4850. This price reflects my willingness to meet you closer to your last offer while still valuing the data product for its moderate effectiveness and reliability. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both our positions.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 4750. I believe this price is a reasonable step down from my last offer while still reflecting the limitations of the data product. It acknowledges the seller's effort to compromise while reinforcing the need for a fair assessment of its value.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise given the buyer's previous offers and acknowledges the data product's effective features while considering its limitations.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4750. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's perspective while still reflecting my concerns about the product's limitations. It strikes a balance between our previous offers and aims for a fair resolution in this negotiation.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 4750. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the buyer's perspective while still valuing the data product's effectiveness and reliability. It allows for a fair compromise as we continue to negotiate.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4700. I believe this price better reflects the ongoing negotiations and the limitations of the data product while still valuing its effectiveness. It's a reasonable step towards finalizing this deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4750. I believe this price is fair considering the ongoing negotiations and reflects the product's perceived value while acknowledging the buyer's concerns. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4650. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the previous negotiations and the limitations of the product. I'm willing to move slightly closer to the seller's last offer while still addressing my concerns about the product's value. Let's find a solution that works for both of us.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4700. This price reflects my understanding of the buyer's concerns while still valuing the effectiveness of the data product. I believe it opens the door for a productive negotiation and recognizes the limitations discussed in previous rounds.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4600. This price reflects my assessment of the data product's limitations while still valuing its potential benefits. I believe this offer is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's position while aligning with my budget constraints.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 4650. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the buyer's concerns and valuing the product's capabilities. It reflects a fair compromise as we approach the final rounds of negotiation.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 4550. I believe this price better reflects my concerns about the product's limitations while still acknowledging the seller's position. As we approach the final rounds, I want to ensure we find a compromise that works for both parties.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 4600. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering both the product's limitations and the buyer's willingness to negotiate. Let's find common ground and move forward.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 4500. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that reflects the product's limitations while still valuing its potential. It allows us to meet halfway and recognize the challenges we've faced in our negotiations. Let's finalize this deal.