Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': "The data product has enough capacity to meet demand, but it has a short data life and several traits are NULL, which indicates limited information regarding its overall performance and utility. The market value of 0.4 suggests a moderate demand, but the lack of strong performance metrics significantly lowers confidence in the product's long-term value.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement potential, which could attract some interest in the market. However, the low data entropy suggests that the data is relatively clean and could be easily utilized, while the short data life may limit long-term value. Given the market score of 0.4, there is some demand, but it's not robust. The NULL history trait also implies a lack of prior performance evidence, which could deter buyers. Thus, a cautious valuation is warranted.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1727.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate enhancement potential indicated by the Model Performance Improvement and the clean, easily utilized data. While the market demand is not robust, I believe this price captures the value of the product effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. The data product has limited information due to several NULL traits and a short data life, which diminishes its overall value and utility. Therefore, I believe 1700 is a fair offer that reflects these concerns while still allowing for potential negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. The value of this data product is significant, considering its enhancement potential and the usable insights it provides, while also reflecting the need to account for its limited information and short data life.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1725. The data product has considerable enhancement potential and valuable insights, which justify a slightly higher offer than the seller's. However, I am also mindful of the product's limitations and short data life, hence my cautious approach.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the valuable potential of the product while still considering its limitations. It strikes a balance between recognizing the enhancements possible and the product's short data life.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price accurately reflects the potential of the product while also considering its limitations. It's a competitive offer that acknowledges the product's value but remains cautious about its short data life.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1750. The product has significant enhancement potential and valuable insights, and I believe this price reflects its worth while still being competitive in light of its limitations.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1720. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the product's enhancement potential and its limitations. It demonstrates my willingness to engage while still valuing the insights it brings.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1730. This price reflects a balanced recognition of the product's enhancement potential while also acknowledging its limitations and short data life. I believe it¡¯s a fair compromise that can lead us closer to a deal.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1725. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's enhancement potential while still considering its limitations. It's a step closer to a compromise that values both parties' perspectives.