Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '500', 'reason': 'The product has low data entropy and sufficient capacity, which suggests it could be useful for specific applications. However, the short data life and the absence of performance improvement or historical data limit its long-term value and reliability. The lack of market information also creates uncertainty about demand.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The model shows a moderate performance improvement (MPI of 0.25) and has enough capacity, which are positive indicators. However, the low data entropy suggests that the data may have limited variability, and the short data life implies that it may not be applicable for long-term use. The history being 'NULL' raises concerns about reliability and past performance, but the market score of 0.4 indicates some demand. Therefore, the expected price reflects a balance of potential utility and limitations.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:665.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2000. This price reflects the model's moderate performance improvement and sufficient capacity, highlighting its potential utility despite some limitations such as low data entropy and short data life. I believe this data product can still provide valuable insights to the right buyer.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 300. The offered price of 2000 is significantly higher than my valuation, given the product's low data entropy and limited long-term reliability. My offer reflects my assessment of its actual utility and the uncertainties surrounding demand.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1500. This price reflects the product's inherent value and its potential for utility, despite some limitations. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the quality of the product and the buyer's concerns.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 400. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offering of 1500 while still reflecting my ongoing concerns regarding the product's low data entropy and limited reliability. I believe this is a more reasonable position that considers both the product's capabilities and my budget constraints.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 800. This price reflects the improved value of the product while still considering the buyer's previous concerns about its limitations. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes both the product¡¯s utility and the buyer¡¯s budget constraints.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 700. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my ongoing concerns about the product's limitations and my budgetary constraints. I believe this is a reasonable compromise that aligns with my valuation of the product.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 750. Given the buyer's last counter of 700 and recognizing the ongoing negotiations, this price reflects a balanced approach while considering the product's established value and the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 700. The seller's latest offer of 750 is close to my last counter, and I'm willing to maintain my position, reflecting my continued concerns about the product's limitations while still acknowledging the seller's efforts to meet me halfway.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 720. I believe this reflects a fair compromise between the product's potential value and the buyer's budget constraints while acknowledging the concerns raised in previous rounds.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 680. I believe this price better reflects my ongoing concerns about the product's limitations and my budget constraints while still acknowledging the seller's recent offers. This is a reasonable compromise that aims to facilitate a successful deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 700. This price reflects a fair compromise between the product's potential value and the buyer's budget constraints, while also acknowledging the ongoing discussions about the product's limitations.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 650. This price reflects my continued concerns about the product's limitations while still recognizing the seller's offer, and I believe it presents a more reasonable compromise given the ongoing dialogue around value and performance.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 670. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing concerns about the product's limitations while still recognizing its potential value. It's a step closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 660. This price reflects my ongoing concerns about the product's limitations while acknowledging the seller's position. It's a reasonable step towards finding a mutually acceptable agreement and aligns with my budget constraints.