Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.25 indicates a significant enhancement over existing solutions, which can justify a decent price. However, the lack of data on entropy, life, history, and market limits the confidence in the valuation. Thus, while there is potential value due to MPI, the uncertainty of the other traits may constrain the price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can bring some value to users. However, the low data entropy suggests the data is relatively stable and predictable, which can be beneficial. On the downside, the short data life limits its long-term usability and the lack of historical data could deter potential buyers. Given the market value of 0.4, which indicates a reasonable level of demand, I would estimate the price at 1500, reflecting both the strengths and weaknesses of the product.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1572.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement of the data product, which can bring notable value to users, despite its limitations. I believe this valuation captures the potential benefits while considering the demand in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. While I recognize the potential value of the data product due to its moderate Model Performance Improvement, the uncertainties surrounding its other traits lead me to a more cautious valuation. I believe this price more accurately reflects the current risk and market conditions.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. My revised price reflects a balanced approach, acknowledging the buyer's interest while still considering the value of the data product amidst the limitations discussed.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the seller's current offer while also recognizing the limitations of the data product. This approach allows us to progress towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's moderate performance improvement while still addressing the uncertainties we've discussed. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the value of the data product without overextending.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price acknowledges the seller's perspective while still reflecting my valuation of the data product's moderate performance. I believe it strikes a fair balance between our positions and addresses the uncertainties we've discussed.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation given the product's moderate performance and acknowledges the buyer's interest. Let's find a common ground that works for both of us.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price strikes a balance between our previous discussions and reflects a reasonable valuation of the product's performance. I'm keen to finalize a deal that acknowledges both our positions fairly.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects my continued belief in the product's value while acknowledging the buyer's perspective on performance. It's a fair compromise considering the negotiations we've had so far.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's recent offer and my assessment of the product's value. It's a reasonable adjustment that acknowledges the product's potential while still being mindful of its limitations.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1575. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise given the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's last offer of 1550, while still recognizing the value of the product.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1570. I believe this price strikes a good balance between my previous offer and the seller's latest proposition, while still acknowledging the value of the product. It¡¯s a reasonable step towards closing this deal effectively.