Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in model performance, which can be valuable in market applications. The market trait of 0.4 suggests some level of demand, but the NULL traits for Data Entropy, Data Life, and History limit the comprehensive understanding of the product's potential. However, the combination of sufficient capacity and moderate performance improvement suggests a reasonable mid-range valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating a potential for enhancing performance, which is favorable in the market. However, the short data life and low data entropy suggest limited long-term value. The market score of 0.4 indicates that there is some demand, but it is not particularly strong. Overall, the product has some value, but the presence of NULL traits and the short data life limits its appeal.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1567.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This data product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement, which indicates its potential for enhancing performance in the market. Given its favorable attributes, I believe this price reflects its value effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. While I acknowledge the potential of the data product and its moderate Model Performance Improvement, I believe that a price of 1500 better reflects the current market dynamics and the limitations presented by the NULL traits in Data Entropy, Data Life, and History.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. I believe this price strikes a balance between the buyer's expectations and the realistic market value of the data product, taking into account its moderate Model Performance Improvement. This offer reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' perspectives.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise between our previous offers while still acknowledging the value of the data product's moderate Model Performance Improvement. This adjustment allows us to move closer to an agreement while maintaining a fair assessment of market conditions.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1575. This price acknowledges the buyer's recent offer while also reflecting the value of the data product and its moderate Model Performance Improvement. It positions us closer to an agreeable middle ground while still maintaining the worth of the product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1560. This price reflects my continued interest in the data product while also recognizing the seller's recent offer of 1575, which I see as a reasonable step towards a mutual agreement. It acknowledges the product¡¯s value and my willingness to negotiate further.