Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a reasonable Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can enhance outcomes to some extent. However, the Data Life being short and the presence of NULL traits (Data Entrophy and History) suggest limitations in long-term value and comprehensiveness. The market score of 0.4 indicates moderate demand, suggesting there is potential for interest but not overwhelming. Given these factors, a price of 1500 reflects a cautious valuation based on the available traits.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a modest Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates some effectiveness, and the market score of 0.4 suggests there is a reasonable demand. However, the low data entropy and short data life may limit its long-term value. The absence of historical performance data is a concern, but the product still has potential in a niche market.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1475.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the product's modest Model Performance Improvement and reasonable market demand, positioning it as a valuable asset in a niche market despite some limitations.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. Given the short data life and the presence of NULL traits, I believe a lower price is warranted to reflect the limitations in long-term value and comprehensiveness.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1500. I believe this price reflects a balanced appreciation of the product¡¯s performance and market demand while still addressing its limitations in long-term value. Let¡¯s find a middle ground that works for both of us.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1450. I believe this price better reflects the balance between the product's current market value and its limitations, while still considering the seller's perspective. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1480. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the buyer's interest while also considering the product's limitations and market dynamics.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1470. This price acknowledges the seller's offer while still reflecting my view on the product's limitations and the need for a reasonable compromise. It's a step closer to agreement while still being mindful of the product's value.