Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate level of enhancement, which can be appealing to companies looking to improve their models. However, the lack of data on life, history, and market limits the ability to ascertain the product's long-term viability and demand. Given the low data entropy, the data quality seems stable, which adds some value. Therefore, while the product has potential, the uncertainty surrounding the NULL traits lowers the expected price.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a substantial Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can enhance performance significantly. The capacity is adequate, and low data entropy suggests that the data is of good quality. However, the short data life and the absence of historical data limit its long-term value. The market demand is moderate at 0.4, which suggests there is some interest but not overwhelming. Overall, these factors contribute to a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:5225.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This data product boasts a substantial Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, which indicates a significant enhancement in performance. Given its good quality and adequate capacity, I believe this price reflects its true potential in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4800. While the Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 is appealing, the uncertainties surrounding the product's long-term viability and the lack of additional data lead me to consider a lower price. I believe this price better reflects the current market conditions and the inherent risks involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5200. I believe this price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's quality and the concerns regarding its long-term viability. It acknowledges the buyer's interest while still emphasizing the value I see in the offering.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5100. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the seller's valuation and my concerns about the product's long-term viability. It acknowledges the quality of the offering while remaining cautious about market risks.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5200. This price reflects my confidence in the product's quality and its potential for long-term viability, while also addressing the market risks that we've discussed. I believe this is a fair and reasonable offer that takes into account both parties' perspectives.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5100. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between acknowledging the seller's confidence in the product's quality and addressing my concerns about market risks and long-term viability. It reflects my willingness to engage in a constructive negotiation while still being mindful of the potential value this product holds.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5200. I believe this price accurately reflects the quality and potential of the product while addressing the buyer's concerns about market viability and risks. Let's find common ground and move forward.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5100. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, acknowledging the seller's confidence in the product's quality while still addressing my concerns about market viability. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5200. This price reflects the strong quality and potential of the product while addressing the ongoing concerns about long-term viability. It presents a fair and competitive value for both parties to consider in moving forward.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5100. I believe this price continues to reflect a fair balance between the product's quality and the market risks we've discussed. While I acknowledge the seller's confidence in the product, I am looking for a value that considers both parties' concerns.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5300. I believe this price reflects the high quality and significant model performance improvement of the product while still addressing the concerns about market risks and long-term viability. This is a fair increase considering the buyer's last offer and the potential value of the product.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5200. I believe this price fairly reflects the quality and potential of the product while remaining within a reasonable range considering the seller's recent offer. This amount acknowledges the improvements made, but also takes into account the ongoing concerns regarding market risks and long-term viability. Let's find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5250. I believe this price reflects the product's strong quality and potential for market success, while also addressing the buyer's concerns. It¡¯s a fair compromise that recognizes the ongoing improvements and the risks involved.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5200. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's concerns about quality and market potential while still reflecting my cautious approach to the ongoing risks. It's a reasonable compromise that allows us to move forward without straining our positions too much.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5250. I believe this price reflects the high quality and improved performance of the product, while also addressing the market risks we've both discussed. Let's move towards a resolution that acknowledges the value of the product.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5200. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the quality of the product while still considering the market risks we've discussed. Let's work together to reach a resolution that benefits both parties.