Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a significant enhancement in performance, which is valuable to potential users. However, the low data entropy suggests that the quality and variability of the data may be limited. The short data life could also reduce long-term usability, making the product less attractive. The lack of historical performance data and market information adds uncertainty, but the enough capacity suggests that it can handle a reasonable amount of data. Overall, the product has some value due to the MPI, but the other factors limit its potential.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product demonstrates a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates it can enhance performance to some extent. However, the low data entropy suggests that the data is relatively consistent and may not offer much variability for advanced insights. The short data life indicates that its relevance may diminish quickly, which could limit its long-term value. The market demand at 0.4 indicates a reasonable level of interest, but the overall lack of historical data makes it difficult to predict future success. Therefore, the price reflects a balance between promise and uncertainty.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1575.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the reasonable market demand, while also taking into account the data's short life and relatively low variability. I believe this premium is justified given the potential value it can provide.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. The significant enhancements in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement do not fully compensate for the limitations posed by the short data life and low data entropy. Therefore, I believe a price of 1500 better reflects the product's overall value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700.0. This price reflects the model's potential value while acknowledging the concerns about its short data life and low variability. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes both the product's capabilities and the buyer's perspective.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600.0. This price strikes a balance between recognizing the model's potential and the concerns regarding its short data life and low variability. I believe it is a fair offer that reflects both the value of the product and my budget constraints.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the model's potential value and the concerns regarding its short data life and low variability, while also being competitive in our negotiations.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price reflects a reasonable compromise, considering both the model's potential value and the budget constraints. It also keeps us moving forward in our negotiations without straying too far from the seller's latest offer.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects the model's potential value while considering the concerns raised about its short data life and low variability. I believe this is a fair compromise that respects both the value of the data and your budget constraints.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price reflects my recognition of the model's value while remaining mindful of its limitations, such as the short data life and low variability. I believe this offer strikes a fair balance between respecting the seller's perspective and my budget constraints.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects a fair assessment of the model's potential value while considering its limitations. It represents a balanced approach that acknowledges both the buyer's budget constraints and the model's capabilities.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price strikes a fair balance considering the model's potential value while still respecting budget constraints. It acknowledges the limitations discussed previously, ensuring that we arrive at a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the model's potential value while considering the budget constraints we've discussed in previous rounds. It positions us well for a potential agreement moving forward.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1550. This price reflects my continued belief in the model's potential value while still being mindful of budget constraints and the need for a reasonable compromise. I hope this offer can bridge the gap between our perspectives and allow us to move forward towards an agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects an understanding of the model's potential value while considering both parties' budget constraints. I believe this is a fair compromise that addresses the concerns raised in previous discussions.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the model's potential value while still addressing the budget constraints we've discussed. It strikes a balance between our previous negotiations and moves us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects the model's potential value while acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints. It represents a fair compromise considering the ongoing discussions and the previous offers made by both parties.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1550. This price reflects my continued recognition of the model's potential value while also taking into account the previous discussions and budget constraints. It's a reasonable offer that aims to bridge the gap while acknowledging the seller's position.