Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The product demonstrates a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating some effectiveness in enhancing model performance. However, the market size is only 0.4, which suggests limited demand. The low data entropy indicates the data is stable and reliable, but the short data life could pose a risk for long-term usability. The lack of historical data may also limit potential buyers' confidence. Overall, the product has some value but is constrained by several factors.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can attract some buyers. However, the low data entropy suggests that the data is quite uniform and may not provide deep insights. The short data life limits its long-term value, while the market score of 0.4 indicates a relatively low demand. Overall, the combination of traits suggests a product that has potential but may not be highly sought after, leading to a conservative valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1475.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the potential of the data product, considering its moderate Model Performance Improvement and unique characteristics that can attract buyers looking for specific insights. I'm confident this is a fair starting point for negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. The product has some value, but the limited market size and short data life give me concerns about its long-term usability. Therefore, my offer reflects these considerations and aims for a fair valuation based on the current factors at play.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1500. I believe this price reflects the unique insights and potential of the data product while addressing my concerns about market size and data longevity. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the value without overextending.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1450. I believe this price represents a fair value considering the unique insights of the data product, while still addressing the seller's concerns about market size and data longevity. This price reflects my commitment to a reasonable negotiation while aiming for a beneficial outcome for both parties.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1480. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the unique insights of the data product while also acknowledging the market limitations we've discussed.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1470. I believe this price strikes a balance between the value of the data product and the market realities we've discussed. It acknowledges the unique insights while also being a reasonable offer in light of the seller's concerns.