Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product has a decent market potential with a score of 0.5, indicating some level of demand. However, the lack of critical traits such as Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy suggests uncertainty in its performance and effectiveness. Therefore, the price reflects a moderate valuation based on its potential rather than established metrics.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.25 indicates a noticeable enhancement in the product\'s efficiency, which can be appealing in the current market. The capacity being "enough" suggests that it can handle demand, while low data entropy indicates a structured and reliable data source. However, the short data life may limit its long-term value. The market score of 0.5 shows moderate interest, but the lack of historical data makes it challenging to predict future performance confidently.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1625.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant performance improvement of 0.25, highlighting the product's efficiency and appeal in today's market. The structured data source and sufficient capacity add to its value, despite the shorter data life.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. The product's performance improvement of 0.25 is noted, but given the uncertainty due to the lack of critical traits like Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy, I believe a more conservative price is justified.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects a fair compromise while still recognizing the value of the product's performance improvement. I believe this offer addresses the buyer's concerns while also valuing the unique features of the product.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price reflects my ongoing concerns about the product's missing critical traits while still acknowledging the seller's emphasis on its performance improvement. I believe this offer is a reasonable step towards finding common ground.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1700. The previous discussions have shown a willingness to negotiate closer to this amount, and I believe it reflects a fair compromise considering the product's improved performance and value.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. While I appreciate the seller's offer of 1700, I still have reservations regarding the product's missing critical traits. I believe 1600 is a reasonable price that recognizes the value while also addressing the uncertainties present. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects my willingness to find common ground while still recognizing the value of the product. It balances the concerns regarding the missing traits with the performance improvements that still make it a worthwhile investment. Let's move forward!
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the product's value, considering the missing critical traits and the need to ensure that we are both satisfied with the deal. Let's find a solution that works for both of us.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects the value of the product while considering the buyer's concerns over the missing critical traits. It¡¯s a fair compromise that acknowledges both sides and aims for a successful agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price adequately reflects the ongoing concerns regarding the missing critical traits while still recognizing the value of the product. This offer is a step towards closing the deal, ensuring a fair exchange for both parties.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a fair value for the product given the continued negotiations and the buyer's concerns about missing traits. Let's find common ground and move forward.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price accurately reflects the ongoing negotiations and the concerns regarding the product's missing traits. It demonstrates my willingness to find common ground while staying within a reasonable range. Let's work together to finalize this deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1650. Given the ongoing discussions, I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about missing traits. It's an opportunity for both sides to secure a beneficial deal while maintaining value.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price is reasonable given the ongoing discussions and reflects my concerns about the missing traits while still valuing the product. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects the ongoing negotiations while recognizing the product's value despite the concerns raised about missing traits. I believe this is a fair compromise that encourages us to reach an agreement soon.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price reflects my ongoing concerns about the missing traits of the product while still acknowledging the seller's position. I'm looking to finalize this deal and believe that this offer is a reasonable compromise that respects both our interests.