Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '500', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity, but the data life is short, which limits its usefulness over time. Additionally, the lack of information on model performance improvement and other traits indicates uncertainty in its effectiveness and market viability. Therefore, the expected price reflects a moderate value given these limitations.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model shows a moderate performance improvement (MPI of 0.25) and operates in a market with a score of 0.5, indicating some demand. The low data entropy suggests that the data is reliable and consistent, but the short data life limits the long-term value. However, the lack of historical data can introduce some uncertainty. Overall, the product has potential but with limitations.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:475.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the solid potential of the data product, given its moderate performance improvement and reliable data quality. While there are limitations, the demand in the market justifies this initial offer.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 300. The data product has limited usefulness due to its short data life and uncertainty around its effectiveness, which significantly impacts its market value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 600. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while acknowledging its limitations. It¡¯s a fair compromise that recognizes its solid potential, even if effectiveness is uncertain. Let's move forward.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 500. This price is a strategic adjustment that reflects the ongoing negotiations while still valuing the potential of the data product. I believe this amount is reasonable given the uncertainty surrounding its effectiveness, and it allows us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement. Let's continue this dialogue.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 550. I believe this revised price reflects a more balanced view of the data product's potential while still acknowledging its limitations. This adjustment aims to facilitate a more constructive negotiation and move us closer to an agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 500. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise given the ongoing discussions, while still acknowledging the uncertainties around the data product's effectiveness. It aims to keep the negotiation moving forward without losing sight of its value.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 550. This price reflects my belief in the data product's potential while also considering the ongoing uncertainties surrounding its effectiveness. Let's move forward with a constructive negotiation.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 500. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between acknowledging the data product's potential while still being mindful of the uncertainties surrounding its effectiveness. Let's continue to negotiate towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 500. Given the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's consistent offers, this price reflects a fair compromise while acknowledging the uncertainties surrounding the product's effectiveness.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 450. While I recognize the seller's offer of 500 as a fair compromise, I believe that the uncertainties surrounding the product's effectiveness still warrant a slightly lower price. My offer reflects a balanced approach, considering both the potential and the risks involved in this transaction.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 500. This price reflects a strong balance between the product's potential and the concerns about its effectiveness, while also aiming to keep the negotiations progressing positively.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 450. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's current value and the inherent risks associated with its effectiveness. It allows us to continue moving forward in negotiations while acknowledging the uncertainties we've discussed.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 480.0. This price reflects a slight adjustment considering the buyer's last offer and the ongoing negotiations, while still acknowledging the limited effectiveness of the data product. Let's find a fair resolution that recognizes the product's potential without overestimating its current value.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 470.0. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's adjustments while still considering the product's limitations. I believe this is a fair offer that acknowledges the ongoing negotiations and the need for a reasonable compromise. Let's move closer to an agreement.