Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'While several traits are NULL, the product has enough capacity and low data entropy, which indicates stability and potential usability. This suggests that it could still hold value for users seeking foundational data analytics, but the lack of information limits confidence in its broader applicability or performance benefits.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which is favorable. However, the low data entropy suggests that the data may lack complexity or variability, which could limit its applicability. The short data life indicates that the product may not have long-term value, and the absence of historical data makes it difficult to assess its reliability or previous performance. The market score of 0.5 indicates a moderate demand, which could lead to a reasonable price point, but overall, the product has limitations that affect its value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1675.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement, while also accounting for the limitations of low data entropy and short data life. I believe this price positions the product favorably in the market, offering potential value to buyers seeking solid data solutions.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. While the seller's price reflects some performance enhancement, the low data entropy and short data life significantly limit the product's overall value. I believe my offer more accurately represents the potential risks involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects the balance between the moderate performance enhancement I mentioned and the considerations regarding data entropy and life. It positions us closer to an agreement while still valuing the quality of the product.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price better reflects the product's value given the low data entropy and short data life, while still making progress toward a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1680. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's performance enhancement and its limitations in data entropy and lifespan. It¡¯s a competitive offer considering the current market dynamics.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1670. I believe this price strikes a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the seller's perspective on performance while still considering the product's limitations in data entropy and lifespan. This offer is competitive and reflects my confidence in reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.