Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': "The data product has enough capacity and low data entropy, which suggests it can provide reliable insights with minimal noise. However, the NULL values for Model Performance Improvement and Data Life indicate that key performance indicators are missing, limiting the product's overall value. Given the moderate market demand of 0.5, the expected price reflects a balance between its strengths and the uncertainties.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can enhance performance to some extent. The market score of 0.5 suggests there is some demand, although not robust. However, the data life being short and low data entropy may limit its long-term utility and appeal. Given these factors, the expected price reflects a balance between potential value and limitations.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1727.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. Given the moderate Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 and the existing market demand, I believe this price reflects the potential value of the data product despite its limitations.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. While I appreciate your offer of 1800, I believe that considering the limitations of the data product, including the NULL values for key performance indicators, a price of 1700 better reflects its current value in the market.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between the value and potential of the product, while also acknowledging the buyer's interest in market demand. Let's move forward with this negotiation.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1725. This price strikes a balance between the seller's recent offer and my previous bid, reflecting my recognition of the product's value while still considering the market dynamics. Let's keep the momentum going in this negotiation.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price accurately reflects the product's value given the current market demand and the improvements made. It also serves as a fair compromise considering both parties' positions.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price is a reasonable reflection of the product's current value and is a step towards reaching a fair agreement. It considers the market dynamics while still acknowledging the product's limitations.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation of the product considering its capabilities and the current market demand. It positions us both towards a reasonable agreement while acknowledging the strengths of the offering.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1725. I believe this price reflects a balanced appreciation of the product's value while also acknowledging the seller's perspective. It allows us to move closer to an agreement that is fair for both parties, considering the market dynamics and the product's capabilities.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1730. I believe this price reflects the recent discussions and acknowledges the product's value while also considering the buyer's perspective. This allows for a reasonable compromise that could lead us closer to a successful agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1725. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's valuation and my own assessment of the product's worth. It reflects a fair compromise that recognizes the value of the product while still being mindful of my budget constraints. Let's work towards a successful agreement.