Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a low data entropy, indicating that the data is relatively clean and reliable, and the capacity is sufficient for use. However, the short data life suggests that the product may not maintain its value over time, and market demand is only moderate. Therefore, the expected price reflects these factors while considering the potential utility of the data in the current market.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates it has potential to enhance performance. However, the low data entropy suggests that the product may not offer much variability or richness in data, while the short data life raises concerns about its long-term usability. The capacity being "enough" is positive but not exceptional. The market score of 0.5 suggests a moderate demand, indicating that while there is some market interest, it may not be highly sought after. Overall, these factors balance out to a moderate expected price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1707.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the data product's potential for moderate performance improvement and existing market interest, despite some concerns regarding data richness and longevity.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The data product's moderate performance improvement and existing market interest do not justify a higher investment, especially considering concerns about data richness and longevity. I believe this price better reflects the current market dynamics and the product's potential utility.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the market interest and potential for improved performance while still addressing concerns about data richness and longevity. Let's find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price reflects my willingness to negotiate while still considering the value of the data product and the seller¡¯s concerns about data richness and longevity. I believe this is a fair compromise that can lead us closer to an agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the concerns about data richness and the market interest expressed by the buyer. It reflects the value of the product while still allowing room for negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, taking into account the value of the data product while addressing the concerns regarding its richness and market interest. This also shows my commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1725. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the quality of the data and market interest, while also reflecting the ongoing negotiations. Let's keep the momentum going towards an agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1690. This price reflects my ongoing commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement while considering the quality and market interest of the data. I believe it is a reasonable step towards closing this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1710. I believe this price accurately reflects the quality and value of the data, considering the buyer's interest in a fair compromise while maintaining my commitment to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1705. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the quality of the data and our ongoing negotiations, reflecting my commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement while staying within a reasonable range of your last offer.