Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating that it can enhance performance considerably. However, the data entropy is low, which suggests stability and reliability in the data. The short data life may limit its long-term value, and the absence of market and history data introduces uncertainty. Overall, the strengths in performance and data quality contribute to a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The model shows a significant performance improvement (MPI of 0.25), which indicates that it can enhance outcomes in its application area. The capacity is described as "enough," suggesting it can handle a reasonable amount of data or users. However, the low data entropy implies that the data may not be very diverse or rich, which could limit its effectiveness in complex scenarios. The short data life suggests that the product may not hold long-term value, and the market score of 0.5 indicates a moderate demand. Overall, while there are positive traits, the limitations in data life and diversity reduce the potential maximum price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:4775.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the significant performance improvement indicated by the model, which suggests it can greatly enhance outcomes in its application area. While there are limitations in data diversity and life, the potential benefits justify this higher starting point.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4800. This reflects my assessment of the product's moderate valuation, taking into account the significant performance improvement but also considering the limitations in data life and diversity. I'm confident that my offer aligns better with the overall value and risks associated with the data product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the significant performance improvements mentioned, while still accounting for the inherent risks and limitations associated with the product. I believe this is a fair midpoint that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price represents a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the significant performance improvements while still considering the risks involved. It's a step closer to the seller's perspective without fully conceding to their offer.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 4950. I believe this price reflects a balanced approach, recognizing the potential improvements while still accounting for the associated risks of the product. It's a fair compromise that moves us closer to a deal.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 4850. I believe this price better reflects my assessment of the product's value while still acknowledging the seller's recent offer. It strikes a balance between my concerns and the potential benefits, keeping us in the right direction towards a deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 4900. This price reflects a balanced approach, acknowledging the buyer's perspective on performance improvements while still considering the inherent risks and limitations of the product. Let's move forward and finalize this deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 4850. This price reflects my appreciation for the seller's balanced approach while still considering the inherent risks and limitations of the product. It represents a fair compromise that acknowledges the ongoing discussions we've had. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 4900. This price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value considering both the potential improvements and the associated risks. It acknowledges the buyer's concerns while also recognizing the quality and benefits of the data product. Let's move forward with this offer.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4850. This price reflects my continued interest in recognizing the seller's perspective on the value of the product while still addressing my concerns regarding the associated risks and limitations. I believe this offer is a fair compromise that could facilitate a successful conclusion to our negotiations.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 4900. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's performance improvements and the inherent risks, making it a reasonable offer for both parties to consider.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's offer while still reflecting my assessment of the product's value considering its performance improvements and associated risks.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4850. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that addresses both the buyer's willingness to invest in the product's potential and my valuation of its current limitations.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects my continued interest in the product while acknowledging the seller's valuation and the limitations we've discussed. This is a fair offer that aims to bring us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4850. This price reflects a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the buyer's interest while still considering the product's value and associated risks. Let's move closer to finalizing this deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4750. I believe this price is a fair reduction that still reflects my interest in the product while considering the seller's valuation. It's within a reasonable range and shows my commitment to finalizing this deal. Let's move forward together.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while acknowledging the buyer's ongoing interest and previous offers. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 4750. I believe this price reflects my continued interest in reaching a deal while also recognizing the seller's valuation. It's a reasonable step towards finalizing this transaction, keeping in mind the previous offers and the product's potential.