Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The model performance improvement of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement, which can be appealing in certain applications. The market value of 0.5 suggests there is some demand, but the low data entropy implies that the data is relatively clean and structured, making it easier to work with. However, the short data life is a drawback, as it may limit the product's long-term value. The absence of historical data also adds uncertainty, but given the other traits, a reasonable price can be established.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': "The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating it could enhance existing models but is not groundbreaking. The capacity is deemed 'enough', suggesting it can handle the necessary workloads. However, the low data entropy implies that the data is fairly uniform and might not offer diverse insights. The short data life indicates that the product may need frequent updates or replacements, which could deter long-term investment. The market score of 0.5 reflects an average demand, which further suggests a reasonable but not excessive valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1975.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of our data product, which enhances existing models, and the capacity deemed 'enough' for necessary workloads. Given its average market score, I believe this price is justified for the quality and potential impact of the data.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1200. Given the moderate model performance improvement and the structured data quality, I believe this price is more reflective of its current market value and the limitations of the data's short life.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2400. This price reflects the value of the data product, considering its moderate performance improvement and quality, while still being competitive in the market.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1300. I believe this price better reflects the current market value and the limitations of the data product, while still acknowledging the seller¡¯s position.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2350. This price reflects a competitive adjustment while still considering the quality and moderate performance of the data product. I'm eager to find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2250. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, taking into account the moderate performance and quality of the data product while still reflecting my position in the negotiation. I am keen to reach a successful agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2300. This price reflects a slight reduction, taking into account the buyer's last offer while still valuing the data product's quality and performance. I believe this is a fair compromise that moves us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2200. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's last offer and my previous valuation, reflecting my recognition of the product's quality while still prioritizing a competitive deal. This adjustment moves us closer to an agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2250. This price reflects my recognition of the buyer's previous offer while still valuing the quality and potential of the data product. It represents a fair compromise, allowing for a constructive negotiation towards a deal.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2150. This price demonstrates my willingness to engage in constructive negotiations while still considering the value of the data product. It reflects a fair adjustment that brings us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2200. This price reflects a balanced approach, taking into account the buyer's previous offers while still valuing the quality and performance of the data product. I believe this is a fair compromise that can lead to a successful agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2100. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation that acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still being mindful of my budget and the product's limitations. This adjustment brings us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2150. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the previous negotiations and the quality of the data product, while also aligning with the buyer's recent offers. Let's move towards a resolution that benefits both parties.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2050. This price reflects my assessment of the data product's value while considering the seller's recent offers and aiming for a fair compromise. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2100. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the buyer's previous offers and acknowledges the product's quality while aiming to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price acknowledges the quality of the product while still reflecting my assessment of its market value. It's a substantial offer that aims to bridge our negotiation gap and work towards a successful agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 2050. This reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while considering the buyer's previous offers, aiming to strike a mutually beneficial agreement as we approach the final rounds of negotiation.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 1950. This price reflects my continued assessment of the product's value while considering the seller's last offer. I believe this is a fair adjustment that takes into account the limitations we've discussed, aiming for a productive conclusion to our negotiations.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 2000. Given the previous negotiations and the buyer's last offer of 1950, this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's quality while still accommodating the buyer's budget. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 1950. This price aligns with my previous offer and reflects my assessment of the product's value while still taking into account the seller's recent offer. I believe it's a fair compromise that encourages us to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.