Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate level of performance enhancement, which can be attractive to buyers looking for improvements in their existing models. The capacity being "enough" suggests that it can handle the required data load, and a low data entropy indicates that the data is relatively clean and structured, which is a positive aspect. However, the short data life could limit its long-term value, and the NULL history means there\'s no track record to assess reliability or past performance. The market score of 0.5 suggests a moderate demand. Overall, these factors lead to a reasonable valuation, but the NULL history reduces confidence.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it could enhance existing systems. However, low data entropy suggests that the data is not particularly complex, which may limit its applications. The short data life could also reduce its long-term value. The market score of 0.5 indicates average demand. Given these factors, the expected price reflects a balance of potential utility and limitations.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1600.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate model performance improvement our data product can provide, enhancing existing systems despite some limitations in complexity and longevity. I believe this value captures the potential utility of the product.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. The moderate model performance improvement and the potential utility are valuable, but the short data life and NULL history limit its long-term value. Given these factors, I believe a price of 1400 is more reflective of the product's overall worth.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects the value of the data product while considering its moderate performance improvement and utility. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges your concerns about the short data life while still valuing the product appropriately.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. While I appreciate the seller's offer of 1700, I still believe that the short data life significantly impacts the product's long-term value. Therefore, I propose 1600 as a more suitable price that acknowledges the product's limitations while remaining competitive.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a fair balance considering the product's moderate performance and the buyer's recognition of its value despite the short data life. Let's move forward with this negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price still recognizes the value of the product while considering its short data life and moderate performance. It provides a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's perspective without overstepping our previously established boundaries. Let's reach an agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1625. This reflects a fair compromise, considering the product's moderate performance and the buyer's concerns about its short data life. I believe this price acknowledges the product's value while addressing the buyer's perspective.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price acknowledges the product's moderate performance while still addressing my concerns about its short data life. It's a reasonable compromise that reflects the value I see in the product without exceeding the risks associated with its longevity.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1610. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's moderate performance and the buyer's concerns about its short data life, while also acknowledging the value the buyer sees in the data product. Let's move closer to a deal.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1590. I believe this price takes into consideration the product's moderate performance while still addressing my concerns regarding its short data life. It's a reasonable step towards finalizing a deal that acknowledges both the value of the product and my budget constraints.