Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'While many traits are NULL, the product has sufficient capacity, which indicates that it can handle the required data needs. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement and other key traits limits the overall value. The expected price reflects a cautious approach to the valuation given the uncertainty but acknowledges the potential utility of the product.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be quite valuable in competitive markets. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle the required workload effectively. A low data entropy indicates that the data is relatively clean and predictable, which can enhance reliability and usability. However, the medium data life and the lack of historical data restrict long-term assessment and may impact the product\'s value. The market score of 0.3 implies limited demand, which tempers the overall valuation. Considering these factors, the expected price reflects a balance between the potential benefits and the constraints identified.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant value of the data product given its moderate enhancement in performance, effective workload capacity, and clean, reliable data. I'm optimistic about the potential benefits it can bring to your operation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 3000. Given the limited information on model performance improvement and other key traits, I believe this price reflects a cautious yet fair approach to the valuation of the data product. The product has potential utility, but the substantial gap from your offer indicates that we need to find a more reasonable price point to align our expectations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 10000. This reflects a balanced approach, recognizing the value of the data product while also considering the buyer's previous offer. I believe this price better aligns our expectations and highlights the potential benefits of the product.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 9000. This price reflects my recognition of the value of the data product while still being mindful of our previous discussions. I believe it strikes a fair balance between both our positions and allows us to move forward productively.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 9500. This price reflects a reasonable compromise based on our previous discussions and the value of the data product. I believe it recognizes both the potential benefits and aligns our expectations effectively.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 9400. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation of the data product while still acknowledging the seller's recent offer. It demonstrates my willingness to negotiate and move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 9500. I believe this price reflects the fair value of the data product while acknowledging our previous discussions and the buyer's position.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 9400. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's position while still reflecting the value of the data product. Let's move forward with this negotiation.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 9500. I believe this reflects the fair value of the data product based on our ongoing discussions and the potential benefits it brings to you as the buyer. Let's work together to finalize this deal.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 9400. I believe this is a reasonable compromise based on our previous discussions and reflects my appreciation for the value of the data product while keeping my budget in mind. Let's move forward and finalize this deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 9400. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation for the data product, considering the ongoing discussions and the buyer's previous offers. Let's move towards a resolution that benefits both parties.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 9300. I believe this price is a reasonable step towards an agreement, reflecting my understanding of the value of the data product while still being mindful of the need for a fair compromise. Let's work together to finalize this deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 9300. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise and acknowledges the buyer's previous offer while still valuing the data product appropriately. Let's move towards closing this deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 9200. I believe this price is a fair compromise that reflects the ongoing negotiations while still valuing the data product appropriately. Let's work towards reaching an agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 9200. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise based on our previous negotiations while still acknowledging the value of the data product. Let's move forward and finalize this deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 9100. This price is a slight reduction, reflecting my understanding of the seller's position while still recognizing the ongoing value of the data product. I believe this is a reasonable step towards reaching an agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 9100. I believe this price reflects a fair and balanced valuation of the data product, considering the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's previous offer. Let's move forward to finalize this deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 9000. I believe this price is a reasonable reflection of our ongoing negotiations and recognizes the value of the data product while remaining within my budget. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 9000. This price reflects my understanding of the current negotiations and acknowledges the value of the data product while still being within a reasonable range. Let's finalize this deal.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 8900. This price reflects my assessment of the ongoing negotiations and aims to strike a balance between value and budget constraints. I'm confident this is a fair offer to move forward and finalize the deal.