Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity, which indicates it can handle a reasonable volume of data. However, the market score of 0.3 suggests limited demand or potential. The lack of information on other traits such as model performance, data entropy, data life, and history results in uncertainty. Therefore, while a base value can be assigned based on the capacity, the overall uncertainty limits the potential price.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a decent enhancement to existing models, which is valuable in many industries. The capacity being "enough" suggests the product can handle typical workloads, while low data entropy and medium data life imply the data is stable and usable for a reasonable duration. However, the market score of 0.3 is relatively low, indicating limited demand, which tempers the overall valuation. The absence of historical data does raise some concerns but is mitigated by the other positive traits.', 'confidence': 'moderate'}
Deal Price:1695.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant value of the data product, considering its decent Model Performance Improvement and stable characteristics, which are essential for various industries. I believe this investment will yield substantial returns for your business.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The offered price of 1800 seems quite high given the uncertainties surrounding the product's overall performance and market demand. While I recognize the potential value, my offer reflects the need for a more cautious investment considering the risks involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the exceptional value and potential of the data product, while still considering the buyer's concerns about performance uncertainties. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the quality of the product and the market risks involved.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price acknowledges the quality and potential of the data product while still addressing my concerns about market risks. It's a balanced approach aimed at moving us closer to a deal.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1725. This price reflects the exceptional value of the data product while also considering the buyer's concerns about market risks and performance uncertainties. It's a fair compromise that highlights the product's potential while moving closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the value of the data product and addressing my concerns about market risks and performance uncertainties. It¡¯s a reasonable step towards finding common ground in this negotiation.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1710. This price reflects the exceptional quality of the data product while also considering the buyer's concerns about market risks. It provides a fair compromise to facilitate a successful deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1680. This price acknowledges the seller's emphasis on quality while still considering my concerns about market risks and performance uncertainties. It presents a fair compromise that aligns with the value I see in the data product.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1705. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the exceptional value of the data product and the buyer's concerns about market risks. It reflects my confidence in the product while also considering the feedback received in previous negotiations.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1685. I believe this price acknowledges the quality of the data product while still addressing my concerns regarding market risks and performance uncertainties. It reflects a willingness to negotiate while ensuring that I am not overextending my budget.