Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and low data entropy, which indicates it may be stable and reliable for use, but the NULL traits suggest a lack of critical information that would typically enhance its value. The price reflects potential utility while acknowledging uncertainties.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The model performance improvement of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be appealing in competitive markets. The capacity being sufficient suggests that the product can handle a considerable amount of data, and low data entropy indicates that the data is clean and reliable, which is attractive to potential buyers. However, the medium data life and the NULL history mean there's some uncertainty regarding the product's longevity and previous use cases, which slightly dampens the overall valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the considerable value of the data product, as it demonstrates a notable performance improvement and the reliability of the data, making it highly attractive in competitive markets.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4900. While I recognize the data product's potential and reliability, the NULL traits indicate some limitations that affect its overall value. My offer reflects a fair assessment of its utility while allowing room for negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5900. The data product has substantial value and performance, and while I recognize some limitations, I believe this price reflects its worth while remaining competitive.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5800. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation of the data product, considering the seller's acknowledgment of its limitations while still recognizing its substantial value and performance. This offer aims for a competitive balance between both parties.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5900. I believe this price reflects the substantial value of the data product while also acknowledging the limitations we've discussed. It's a fair compromise that can facilitate a successful deal for both parties.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5800. I believe this price strikes a balance between the value of the data product and the limitations we¡¯ve discussed. It represents a reasonable compromise that moves us closer to a successful agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5900. This price reflects the significant value of the data product while acknowledging the limitations we've discussed. I'm confident this is a fair and reasonable offer that takes into account both parties' interests.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5800. This price maintains the value of the data product while also considering the limitations we¡¯ve acknowledged. I believe it is a fair and reasonable offer that aligns with our previous discussions and reflects a commitment to reaching an agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5800. This price reflects a fair compromise, considering the product's value and the limitations we've discussed. It's a balanced approach to facilitate our agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price is a reasonable adjustment that reflects the ongoing negotiations and maintains our focus on reaching an agreement while acknowledging the product's value and limitations.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5700. This price reflects a fair adjustment considering the ongoing negotiations while maintaining the perceived value of the data product. I believe this offer positions us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5600. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the seller's last offer and the value of the data product, reflecting our ongoing negotiations and my willingness to come closer to a mutually acceptable agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5700. I believe this price is a fair representation of the data product's value while still acknowledging the buyer's position. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5600. I believe this price reflects a fair adjustment considering the seller's recent offer while still valuing the data product appropriately. Let's find a path toward a beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5600. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the data product's value and the ongoing negotiation dynamics. It represents a fair compromise that acknowledges the buyer's perspective while still upholding the integrity of my position as the seller.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5500. I believe this price represents a fair and reasonable adjustment that acknowledges the seller's perspective while still reflecting the value I see in the data product. It moves us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement as we approach the final rounds of negotiation.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5600. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the previous offers and maintains the value of the data product while moving us closer to an agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5500. I believe this price is a reasonable adjustment that reflects both the value of the data product and the need for a swift resolution. It positions us closer to a final agreement while acknowledging the seller's last offer.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5600. I believe this price reflects the product's value while still allowing for a potential agreement. Let's find a resolution that benefits us both.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5500. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the data product's value and takes into consideration the ongoing negotiations. Let's work towards a resolution that satisfies both parties.