Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': 'The product has a low data entropy, which indicates high quality and reliability of the data. The capacity is sufficient, suggesting it can handle the required workload. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement and market potential limits its valuation. Given the medium data life, it may have some longevity but not a strong competitive edge.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.25 indicates a significant enhancement in efficiency, which is valuable in a competitive market. The capacity is sufficient, and low data entropy suggests high-quality data that is easy to interpret and utilize. However, the medium data life implies that the product may not remain relevant indefinitely, and the lack of historical data limits the confidence in long-term performance. The market value of 0.3 suggests an average demand. Overall, these factors point to a moderate expected price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1775.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant performance improvement of the data product, which enhances efficiency in a competitive market. The high-quality data, characterized by low entropy and sufficient capacity, adds substantial value.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment given the medium data life and the limited information on model performance improvement and market potential. While the data product has high quality and reliability, it does not demonstrate a strong competitive edge, which warrants a more conservative approach in our negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price acknowledges the significant performance improvements while also considering the data's medium life and limited competitive advantage. It strikes a balance between both parties' perspectives and reflects fair market value.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1725. This price reflects my assessment of the improvements and quality of the data while still recognizing the seller's perspective on its medium life and competitive positioning. It¡¯s a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties¡¯ interests.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1775. I believe this price reflects a balanced consideration of the data's medium life and the performance improvements that have been highlighted. It acknowledges the buyer's interests while ensuring the value of the data is recognized.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1750. This price represents a solid compromise that reflects the value of the data while considering the performance improvements we've discussed. It acknowledges your previous offer of 1775, but I believe 1750 is a fairer assessment that still recognizes the quality of the data.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1780. I believe this price reflects the quality and performance improvements of the data while still being a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the data's medium life. Let¡¯s move forward with a deal that benefits us both.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1770. I believe this price recognizes the seller's quality claims while still considering the competitive landscape and my previous offers. It's a reasonable step towards a mutually beneficial agreement.