Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement over baseline models, which can be attractive in a competitive market. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle typical workloads, but the NULL traits (Data Entropy and History) introduce uncertainty about data quality and usability, which can impact valuation. The market value of 0.3 suggests a potential for growth, but the lack of additional data limits the overall confidence in the product\'s performance.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 and has enough capacity with low data entropy, indicating reliability and stability in the data. The medium data life suggests it can still provide valuable insights for a reasonable period. Additionally, the market value of 0.3 indicates existing demand, but the lack of historical data limits the confidence in long-term performance. Overall, the combination of traits supports a decent valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 and the reliability and stability indicated by the low data entropy. The medium data life also suggests continued value for insights, making this a competitive offer in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 500. Given the uncertainty around data quality and usability due to the NULL traits, I believe this price reflects a more cautious approach towards the potential value of the product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. The data quality and performance improvements justify a significant value, but I am willing to adjust my expectations to meet the buyer's cautious approach. This price reflects a fair compromise while still recognizing the substantial benefits of the data product.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14000. The seller's willingness to compromise is appreciated, but I still need to ensure that my investment aligns with the perceived value and risks associated with the data product. This price reflects my confidence in securing a more favorable deal while acknowledging the improvements mentioned.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the value of the data product and the buyer's concerns about data quality. It's a reasonable step towards closing the gap and moving forward with the deal.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's recent offer and my desire to secure a favorable deal. It's a step closer to what I believe is a fair valuation for the data product while considering the quality concerns that have been raised.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while acknowledging the buyer's concerns regarding quality and usability. It positions us well for a mutually beneficial agreement moving forward.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14450. I believe this price maintains a fair balance between the acknowledged value of the data product and my concerns about its overall quality and usability. This slight adjustment reflects my willingness to negotiate while still prioritizing a sound investment.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects the ongoing value of the data product while acknowledging the buyer's concerns regarding quality. This is a fair compromise that continues to demonstrate my confidence in the product's potential.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's confidence in the product's potential and my continued concerns regarding its quality. It reflects my willingness to engage further while staying within a reasonable range that acknowledges the seller's last offer.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14450. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while also addressing the buyer's concerns about quality and usability. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the ongoing negotiations and the importance of securing a deal.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects a fair balance considering the ongoing negotiations and my concerns about the data product's quality and usability. While I recognize the seller's perspective, I still seek to ensure I am making a prudent investment.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14450. I believe this price reflects the quality and reliability of the data product while accommodating the buyer's concerns about value. It represents a fair compromise, allowing us to move towards a successful agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price represents a fair assessment of the data product's value while still addressing my concerns regarding quality and usability. This offer keeps us close to your proposal and allows us to move forward in our negotiations.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14450. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while addressing the ongoing concerns about quality and usability. It¡¯s a fair compromise that allows us to move forward in this negotiation.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14350. I believe this price represents a fair compromise, taking into account the ongoing concerns about data quality while still acknowledging the value of the product. I am eager to reach an agreement that satisfies both parties.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 14400. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between acknowledging the value of the data product while still addressing the quality concerns that have been expressed. It allows for a productive negotiation that aligns with both parties' expectations as we approach the final rounds.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 14300. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the seller's latest offer and the ongoing quality concerns surrounding the data product. This keeps us moving towards a final agreement while still being mindful of the product's perceived value.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 14350. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the ongoing quality concerns while still maintaining the value of the data product. It aligns closely with the buyer's last offer and shows my willingness to negotiate.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 14250. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's concerns about quality and the value of the data product. It reflects my willingness to negotiate while still being prudent in light of the ongoing quality issues we've discussed.