Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a significant enhancement in performance, which can be quite valuable for users looking to optimize their processes. The capacity being described as "enough" suggests that the product can handle the necessary load. However, the presence of multiple NULL traits (Data Life, History, Market) limits the overall understanding of the product¡¯s long-term viability and market context, which reduces the confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '20000', 'reason': "The model exhibits a significant performance improvement (MPI of 0.25) and has a low data entropy, indicating that it is reliable and effective for its intended use. The medium data life suggests that while it's not the latest technology, it still has value in the market, especially given the market demand factor of 0.3. However, the lack of historical data reduces the confidence in the product's long-term reliability and acceptance, but the other traits still support a decent valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 25000. This price reflects the significant performance improvement of the model, as indicated by the MPI of 0.25, alongside its low data entropy, which demonstrates its reliability and effectiveness for various applications. Given the current market demand, I believe this price is justified for a product with such valuable attributes.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 3000. While I acknowledge the performance improvement indicated by the MPI of 0.25, the multiple NULL traits in the product's data life, history, and market context significantly limit my confidence in its overall value. Therefore, my offer reflects a more cautious approach to the potential risks involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 7000. The previous offer of $3,000 is too low given the significant performance improvements and reliability this product provides. I believe $7,000 is a fair price that reflects its enhanced value while still being reasonable for negotiation.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 6900. I believe this price still recognizes the improvements and reliability you've mentioned while also reflecting my budget constraints. It's a reasonable offer that we can build on in our negotiations.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 7500. This price reflects the substantial improvements and reliability of the product while also considering the buyer's previous offer of 6900. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's enhanced value.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 7400. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's improvements while still respecting my budget constraints. It's a fair step towards closing the deal without overshooting my limits.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 7400. I believe this price reflects the significant improvements and reliability of the product while remaining within a reasonable range for both parties to find common ground.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 7300. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, acknowledging the improvements and reliability of the product while remaining within my budget constraints.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 7400. This price reflects the product's substantial improvements and reliability, which I believe are worth the investment.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 7300. This price reflects my recognition of the product's notable improvements and reliability while still adhering to my budget constraints. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the value being offered.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 7350. This price reflects the improvements and reliability of the product while also acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints. Let's find a middle ground that works for both parties.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 7250. This price acknowledges the seller's improvements and reliability of the product while still prioritizing my budget constraints. I believe this is a fair compromise that reflects the ongoing negotiations and the value of the product.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 7300. The product has shown consistent improvements and reliability, making it a fair value considering the buyer's previous offers and the current market dynamics. I'm confident this price reflects a reasonable compromise.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 7200. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the recent offers and the product's consistent improvements. While I appreciate the seller's position, I need to remain within my budget constraints while acknowledging the value of the product.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 7250. This price reflects the ongoing improvements and reliability of the product while acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the value I am providing.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 7150. I believe this price strikes a balance between the product's demonstrated improvements and the constraints of my budget, while still acknowledging the value that the seller is providing. Let's aim to reach an agreement that reflects both sides' interests.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 7200. Given the ongoing discussions and the buyer¡¯s consistent interest, I believe this price reflects the product's significant improvements and reliability while still addressing budget considerations.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 7100. I appreciate the seller's position and recognize the product's improvements and reliability. However, I need to stay within my budget, and I believe 7100 is a fair compromise that reflects the product's value while still being mindful of my constraints.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 7150. This price reflects the consistent improvements and reliability of the product while considering the buyer's budget constraints. It's a fair balance that acknowledges the value of the offering.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 7050. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that reflects the value of the product while remaining within my budget constraints. The consistent improvements and reliability you've mentioned are acknowledged, but I need to ensure that my investment aligns with my financial parameters.