Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity, indicating it can handle the required data volume. However, the lack of information on model performance, data entropy, data life, history, and market reduces confidence in its overall effectiveness and demand. Therefore, a moderate price is set based on the capacity alone.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can attract customers looking for better efficiency. With enough capacity and low data entropy, the product shows reliability and stability. However, the medium data life and the NULL history limit its long-term appeal. The market score of 0.4 suggests some demand, but not overwhelming. Overall, the product has potential but faces some limitations, justifying a moderate price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1717.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, coupled with the product's reliability and stability due to its low data entropy. While it does have some limitations, I believe the potential for better efficiency justifies this premium price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price better reflects the limitations of the product, including the lack of information on its overall effectiveness and demand despite its moderate performance enhancement and reliability.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects a balanced perspective, acknowledging the moderate performance improvements highlighted by the buyer, while still considering the product's limitations and the current market conditions. Let's find common ground and move forward.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my position on the moderate performance improvements that justify a higher value. I believe this is a fair compromise that addresses both our perspectives.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects the moderate performance improvements and reliability that the buyer values, while still considering the product's limitations and current market conditions.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, acknowledging the seller's emphasis on moderate performance improvements while still taking into account the product's limitations and current market conditions. This reflects my commitment to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, acknowledging the product's moderate performance improvements while also considering market conditions. It reflects a reasonable compromise that both parties can agree upon.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price recognizes the moderate performance improvements of the product while still being mindful of the current market conditions. It is a fair compromise that reflects both our perspectives, and I am confident it can lead us closer to a successful agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1725. I believe this price reflects a strong compromise, acknowledging the product's moderate performance improvements while still considering the market conditions that have been discussed. Let's find a middle ground that benefits both of us.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1710. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the seller's position while still considering the moderate performance improvements of the product. I believe it strikes a fair compromise that can benefit both parties as we move forward.