Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The product's market score of 0.4 suggests there is a moderate level of demand, but the lack of specific traits such as Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy indicates uncertainty about its effectiveness and overall value. Given these factors, a conservative estimate is appropriate.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.25 indicates a significant enhancement in predictive accuracy, which is valuable to users. The market score of 0.4 suggests there is a moderate demand for this type of product. Although the data life is medium and data entropy is low, the overall traits indicate a product that can serve a specific market need effectively, contributing to a reasonable price point.', 'confidence': 'high'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the significant enhancement in predictive accuracy indicated by the model performance improvement of 0.25, which makes this data product highly valuable in the market. The moderate demand score of 0.4 further supports this pricing, ensuring that it meets specific market needs effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. Given the moderate demand score of 0.4 and the uncertainties regarding the product's effectiveness due to the lack of specific traits, I believe this is a more reasonable starting point for our negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. The data product has substantial value due to its significant model performance improvements, and I believe this price reflects a fair compromise given the moderate demand. Let's move forward from here.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4900. Given the substantial value of the data product, I'm acknowledging the seller's position while still maintaining a cautious approach. This price reflects my recognition of the model performance improvements, but also considers the uncertainties around demand. Let's find common ground to move forward.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while also acknowledging the moderate demand and uncertainties we've discussed. This adjustment keeps us moving toward a potential agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 4700. I believe this price represents a fair compromise between our previous discussions and acknowledges the seller's current offer while still considering the uncertainties in demand. This keeps us moving toward a potential agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 4600. This price reflects my recognition of the product's value while also considering the moderate demand and the ongoing negotiations. I believe this is a fair compromise that moves us closer to an agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 4500. This price demonstrates my willingness to meet the seller halfway while still accounting for the uncertainties surrounding demand. I believe it reflects a balanced approach to achieving a fair deal for both parties.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 4400. Given the ongoing negotiations and the moderate demand we've discussed, this price reflects a balanced approach to recognizing the product's value while still accommodating the buyer's concerns about uncertainties in the market.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4300. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's value while still addressing the uncertainties we've discussed in the market. Let's continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 4400. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's value and the current market conditions, while still allowing room for negotiation moving forward.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4300. I believe this price maintains a fair valuation of the product while reflecting my understanding of the current market dynamics and previous negotiations. It¡¯s a reasonable step towards closing the deal, and I¡¯m optimistic it will facilitate a successful agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4400. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's value and the ongoing market uncertainties, and it positions us closer to closing the deal. Let's find a resolution together.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4300. I believe this price maintains a fair valuation of the data product while also respecting the ongoing negotiations and the market uncertainties we've discussed. It's a step closer to reaching an agreement that benefits both parties. Let's move forward.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4400. This price reflects a balanced approach, acknowledging the product's value while also considering the ongoing uncertainties in demand. Let's work towards finding common ground.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4300. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while reflecting my continued confidence in the value of the product, despite the ongoing market uncertainties. Let's aim to finalize this deal effectively.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 4400. This price reflects a solid recognition of the data product's value while considering the ongoing uncertainties in demand. I believe this is a fair compromise that brings us closer to a successful agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 4300. This price is a fair reflection of the product's value while also considering the ongoing uncertainties in demand. It allows us to stay within a reasonable range and is a step towards reaching a successful agreement.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 4300. This price reflects my confidence in the product's value while acknowledging the ongoing negotiations. I believe this is a fair compromise that aligns with the previous discussions we've had.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 4200. I believe this reflects a reasonable compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the need to balance the product's value with our previous discussions. This offer shows my willingness to meet you closer to your price while still recognizing the uncertainties in demand.