Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_entrophy': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a notable enhancement in performance, which can attract interest from businesses looking to optimize their models. However, the absence of critical traits such as Capacity, Data Entropy, Data Life, History, and Market limits the understanding of the product's full potential and applicability. Given these factors, a conservative price is justified.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can attract some interest in a niche market. However, the absence of key traits such as capacity and data entropy, coupled with a short data life, limits the product's long-term viability and appeal. The market score of 0.3 suggests limited demand. Therefore, while there is some value due to the MPI, it is constrained by the lack of additional information.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Deal Price:5500.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the potential value of the data product, given its moderate Model Performance Improvement. While the market interest may be limited, I believe this price captures the unique qualities that could appeal to niche buyers.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. This price reflects a more cautious approach, considering the limited critical traits of the data product and the overall market interest. I believe this is a fair starting point for our negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. This price reflects a balanced understanding of the data product's unique qualities while also considering the cautious stance shown by the buyer. I'm confident this price can attract interest and facilitate a successful deal.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5500. This price strikes a balance between the unique qualities of the data product and the cautious market interest reflected in the previous offers. I believe this amount will facilitate a productive negotiation and attract a favorable response.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5200. I believe this price reflects the unique qualities of the data product while also acknowledging the cautious market interest highlighted in previous discussions. It¡¯s a reasonable compromise that encourages further negotiation and aims to facilitate a successful deal.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the unique qualities of the data product and the cautious market interest we've discussed. It reflects a willingness to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement while maintaining a realistic assessment of the product's value.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5300. Given the unique qualities of the data product and the moderate performance it delivers, I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the previous offers and the cautious market interest we've observed. This reflects a reasonable step forward in our negotiations while still valuing the product appropriately.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5500. Given the ongoing negotiations and the previous offers, this price reflects my confidence in the product's unique qualities while also acknowledging the cautious market interest. It strikes a fair balance and moves us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5400. This price reflects a strong confidence in the data product's unique qualities while remaining competitive and appealing in the current market context. I believe this amount strikes a fair balance between the previous offers and the cautious market interest demonstrated.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5500. This price demonstrates my strong confidence in the data product's unique qualities while remaining competitive within the current market context. It aligns with the previous offers and reflects a balanced approach to our ongoing negotiations.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects a strong confidence in the product's unique qualities while remaining competitive in the current market landscape. It aligns with the previous offers and should facilitate a favorable agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5500. I believe this price maintains a strong position in the negotiations, reflecting my confidence in the product's unique qualities while ensuring I'm competitive in the current market landscape. This offer is consistent with previous assessments and should encourage a mutually beneficial agreement.