Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity and a medium data life, which suggests it can serve a moderate demand in the market. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement and data entropy limits its potential. The market score of 0.4 indicates a low demand, which further constrains the expected price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a solid enhancement in performance, which is appealing to potential buyers. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle the necessary data load, and low data entropy implies high quality and reliability of the data. However, the medium data life indicates that the product may not be cutting-edge for an extended period, and the lack of historical data may limit its appeal. The market value of 0.4 suggests a moderate demand in the current landscape. Overall, these traits lead to a reasonable valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 9000. This price reflects the substantial value of the data product, considering its solid model performance improvement and the high quality and reliability of the data. I believe this investment will provide significant returns for any buyer.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. The data product's market score of 0.4 and the limitations on its model performance suggest that its value is significantly lower than what you are offering. My valuation is based on the moderate demand and the product's medium data life, which does not justify a higher price.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 8500. The value of this data product remains substantial, and I believe this price reflects a more reasonable assessment of its potential, taking into account the buyer's concerns while still recognizing the quality it brings to the table.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 8400. The seller's price of 8500 is close, but I still believe the data product's market score and performance limitations warrant a slightly lower valuation. This price reflects my continued assessment of the product's potential while being reasonable in our negotiations.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 8600. This price reflects the inherent value of the data product while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about market limitations. It's a fair compromise that recognizes the potential returns of the product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 8500. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my concerns about the product's market limitations. It represents a reasonable compromise, taking into account the potential value while being mindful of the risks involved.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 8550. This price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the market limitations while still recognizing the inherent value of the data product. Let's move forward towards a deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 8450. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my cautious approach due to the market limitations we've discussed. I believe this is a reasonable step towards finding common ground.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 8550. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's inherent value while acknowledging the concerns previously raised regarding market performance. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the potential for returns while remaining reasonable in light of the market situation.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 8450. I believe this price reflects a fair understanding of the product's potential while also considering the ongoing market challenges. It represents a reasonable compromise between our positions, allowing us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 8500. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while acknowledging the market limitations we've discussed. It represents a fair compromise that could facilitate a successful transaction.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 8400. I believe this price still reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while taking into account the market limitations we've been discussing. It demonstrates my willingness to engage with your offer while keeping in mind the overall context of our negotiations.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 8400. The product has valuable potential, but considering the buyer's consistent offers and the market limitations, this price reflects a fair compromise while still capturing its worth.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 8300. I believe this price represents a reasonable compromise considering the seller's last offer and the ongoing limitations in the market. It reflects my recognition of the product's potential while still being cautious about the risks involved.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 8400. This price reflects my confidence in the product's value while also considering the cautious market sentiment we've been discussing. I believe it strikes a fair balance and allows us to move forward in our negotiations.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 8300. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, taking into account the product's potential while also considering the cautious market sentiment. It's a step towards finding common ground and moving our negotiations forward.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 8350. I believe this price recognizes the inherent value of the product while also considering the cautious market sentiment we've been discussing. It's a fair compromise that reflects both our positions as we move towards a potential agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 8250. I believe this price better reflects the cautious market sentiment and the inherent risks associated with the product while still recognizing its potential value. This offer demonstrates my willingness to negotiate and find a common ground as we approach the final rounds of this deal.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 8300. This price reflects a balanced assessment of the product's inherent value while acknowledging the market limitations we've discussed in previous rounds. It's a fair compromise, and I believe it's a step towards closing this deal.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 8200. I believe this price reflects a cautious yet fair approach, considering the ongoing market limitations we've discussed while still recognizing the product's intrinsic value. It's a reasonable step towards finalizing our agreement.