Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a decent enhancement in performance, which can be attractive to potential users. However, the presence of NULL values for Data Life, History, and Market limits the context and potential applications of the product, reducing overall confidence in its value. Given that the capacity is sufficient and the data entropy is low, the product still holds value but is not fully optimized for maximum pricing.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': "The product shows a significant model performance improvement of 0.25, which indicates it has the potential to enhance existing systems effectively. Additionally, the market demand is at 0.4, suggesting there is a decent interest in such products. The low data entropy implies that the data is consistent and reliable. However, the medium data life and the absence of historical data slightly reduce the overall confidence in the product's long-term value.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 8000. This price reflects the significant model performance improvement of 0.25, which indicates a robust potential for enhancing existing systems. With a market demand of 0.4, there is clear interest in this data product, and its consistent and reliable nature adds value. I believe this price represents the quality and reliability you can expect from my product.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. The significant model performance improvement of 0.25 is noted, but the presence of NULL values for Data Life, History, and Market limits the overall confidence in this product¡¯s value. Given these factors, I believe a lower price is more reflective of its true worth.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 7500. The data product has undergone significant performance improvements, making it valuable in the current market. While I understand your concerns about NULL values, the overall demand and enhancements justify a strong price.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 7000. The improvements in the data product are acknowledged, but the concerns regarding NULL values still persist. My offer reflects a more balanced perspective on its current value in the market while allowing for negotiation.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 7200. The improvements in model performance and the growing market demand are valuable, but I also acknowledge the buyer's concerns regarding NULL values, which impact the overall perceived value. This price reflects a balanced approach, considering both the enhancements and the existing issues.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 7100. The seller's price of 7200 is reasonable, but I still have reservations about the persistent NULL values that affect the product's overall quality. My offer reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the improvements while addressing the existing issues that limit its full potential.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 7150. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the improvements in performance while still considering the concerns over NULL values that affect overall perception. Let's move closer to a deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 7050. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's improvements while still reflecting my concerns regarding the NULL values that impact the overall quality. This offer allows us to move closer to a mutual agreement while ensuring that the concerns are addressed appropriately.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 7100. I believe this price reflects the improvements in the model's performance and addresses the buyer's concerns regarding NULL values. It strikes a balance between the value of the product and the ongoing discussions about quality issues.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 7000. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the improvements made while still addressing the ongoing concerns about quality and NULL values. This offer demonstrates my commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement while taking into account the enhancements in the model's performance.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 7050. I believe this price reflects the improvements in model performance while still addressing your concerns about NULL values. It's a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the enhancements and the current market dynamics. Let's move forward.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 6950. I believe this price maintains a fair balance considering the improvements in the model's performance while still addressing the ongoing concerns regarding NULL values. It's a strategic move that acknowledges the enhancements but also reflects the quality issues that need to be taken into account. Let's find common ground and move forward.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 7000. This price reflects the ongoing improvements in model performance, while still taking into account the concerns regarding NULL values that have been raised. I believe this is a fair and competitive offer that addresses the needs of both parties.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 6900. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the model's performance improvements while still addressing the ongoing concerns regarding NULL values. It's a competitive offer that aims to meet both parties' needs as we move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 6950. I believe this price reflects the enhancements in model performance while still addressing the ongoing concerns regarding NULL values. It¡¯s a competitive offer that takes into account both the improvements made and the market context.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 6850. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the seller's acknowledgment of performance improvements while still addressing the ongoing concerns regarding NULL values. This offer is competitive and takes into account the need for further negotiation to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 6900. Given the ongoing negotiations and the slight decrease in buyer offers, this price reflects a strong balance between the product's performance improvements and the concerns regarding NULL values. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes both the enhancements made and the buyer's apprehensions.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 6800. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance considering the ongoing concerns regarding NULL values while still acknowledging the performance improvements. It reflects my confidence in the product's potential without overlooking the quality issues that have been pointed out.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 6850. Given the ongoing negotiations and the balance between the performance improvements of the model and the concerns about NULL values, this price reflects a reasonable compromise while maintaining the value of the product. Let's move forward.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 6750. This price acknowledges the seller's improvements while still reflecting my ongoing concerns about the NULL values affecting the product's overall value. Let's find a resolution that works for both of us.