Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity and a medium data life, which suggests that it can serve a moderate demand. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement, data entropy, history, and market limits the confidence in its overall value. Given these factors, a conservative valuation is appropriate.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': "The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which indicates it can enhance existing models to a certain extent. The capacity is sufficient, and the low data entropy suggests that the data is well-structured and reliable. However, the medium data life may limit the product's longevity in the market. The market score of 0.3 suggests a low demand, which could affect pricing. The lack of history data makes the valuation less certain, but considering the other traits, a price of 7500 reflects a balanced approach to its potential value.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:7025.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 8000. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the reliable structure of the data, while taking into account the current market conditions. I'm confident that this value represents the product's potential in enhancing existing models effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4500. This price reflects my conservative valuation based on the product's moderate demand and insufficient information on model performance improvement and historical data. Given these uncertainties, I believe this offer is fair and represents my willingness to negotiate towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 7500. I believe this price reflects the significant potential of the data product to improve model performance while addressing the buyer's concerns regarding valuation and uncertainties. This is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the value and the buyer's perspective.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 7300. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the seller's valuation of the product and my cautious approach toward the uncertainties involved. This offer reflects my commitment to reaching a fair agreement while ensuring that I remain within a reasonable budget.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 7400. This price reflects my confidence in the data product's capabilities while acknowledging the buyer's concerns over budget and uncertainties. It's a competitive offer that maintains value for both parties.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 7300. I believe this price strikes a balance between the value of the data product and my budgetary constraints. It reflects my willingness to negotiate while still being cautious about uncertainties.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 7350. This price reflects my confidence in the quality and potential of the data product while also acknowledging your budget considerations from previous discussions. Let's find a common ground that works for both of us.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 7250. This price is a reflection of my ongoing assessment of the product's value while still considering the uncertainties and budget limitations we've discussed. I believe this is a fair compromise that brings us closer to an agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 7300. This price reflects my confidence in the product's quality and its significant potential for model performance improvement, while also considering your previous offer of 7250 as a fair compromise amidst our discussions. Let¡¯s finalize this and move forward!
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 7200. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the value of the product and my budget constraints, while still moving closer to a potential agreement. Let's keep the momentum going and finalize this deal!
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 7250. I believe this reflects a fair value for the quality and potential of the data product while remaining within a reasonable range of the buyer's last offer. This price acknowledges the negotiations we've had so far and aims to facilitate a successful agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 7200. I appreciate the seller's offer of 7250, but I believe my price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the quality of the data product while still addressing my budget constraints. Let's continue to find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 7200. I believe this price maintains a solid balance between recognizing the product's value and being mindful of the buyer's budget constraints. Let's find common ground and move closer to a deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 7100. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the product's value while still being considerate of my budget limitations. Let's work together to find a resolution that satisfies both parties.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 7150. I believe this reflects a fair compromise, recognizing the value of the data product while also considering the buyer's previous offer. This price balances the quality of the product with the budget constraints expressed in earlier rounds.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 7050. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the value of the data product and my budget constraints. It reflects my continued interest in the product while also being reasonable in the context of our negotiations.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 7100. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while still being a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 7000. This price strikes a fair balance considering the value of the data product and my budget constraints. It shows my continued interest while acknowledging the seller's position.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 7050. I believe this price strikes a solid balance between the product's inherent value and the buyer's budget constraints, while still recognizing the potential for future performance improvements.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 7000. I believe this price represents a fair compromise, reflecting both the inherent value of the product and my budget considerations while still showing willingness to invest in its potential.