Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates that it has potential value in improving performance metrics. The capacity being "enough" suggests that it can handle the required data load, and low data entropy implies that the data is clean and structured, making it easier to derive insights. However, the medium data life suggests that the relevance of the data may diminish over time. The market rating of 0.4 indicates a decent demand, but the NULL history trait detracts from confidence in the product\'s past performance. Overall, while there are some uncertainties, the positive traits indicate a reasonable price point.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates a decent improvement in performance. The capacity is sufficient, and low data entropy suggests high data quality, which is attractive in the market. However, the medium data life and the presence of only one historical data point limit the confidence in long-term performance and reliability. The market value of 0.4 suggests that there is some demand but it is not overly high. Overall, the product has potential but is somewhat limited in scope due to the medium data life and lack of historical data.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the potential of the data product, showcasing a moderate Model Performance Improvement and high-quality data, which can be quite valuable in the market despite some limitations. I'm confident that this price aligns with the product's capabilities and the market demand.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. Given the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the uncertainties surrounding the product's past performance, I believe this price reflects a more reasonable starting point for negotiation. I acknowledge the potential value, but my confidence in the data's long-term relevance and overall market demand is limited.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the data product's potential, taking into account its past performance and the current market conditions. It's a significant step up from the previous offer, which I think more accurately represents its value while still being reasonable for a buyer looking to invest.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price still acknowledges the potential of the data product while being a reasonable step down from my last offer. It reflects my continued interest in investing but also considers the seller's perspective on past performance and market demand.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5000. I believe this price reflects the potential value of the data product while also considering the current market demand and performance history. Let's work towards a deal that benefits both parties.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise based on the seller's previous offer while still considering the potential value of the data product. I am confident this will lead us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 4900. I believe this reflects a fair compromise considering the previous offers and the market conditions. It's a reasonable price that acknowledges the potential value of the data product while still addressing my concerns about its past performance. Let's move towards a beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects a strong consideration of the data product's potential value while also acknowledging the seller's previous offers and concerns. It's a fair and balanced approach that aims for a satisfactory agreement for both parties.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 4900. This price reflects a solid compromise, acknowledging the buyer's interest while still maintaining a fair value for the data product based on market conditions and previous discussions.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price maintains a fair balance between the product's potential value and the market conditions we¡¯ve discussed. It shows my willingness to reach a mutually beneficial agreement while still recognizing the limits set by previous offers.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 4850. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging both the product's potential and the buyer's previous offers while moving closer to a resolution.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4750. I believe this price represents a reasonable step towards a final agreement, taking into consideration the seller's latest offer while still acknowledging the product's value and the market trends we've discussed.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4850. This price reflects a fair compromise considering our previous discussions and the potential value of the data product. I'm confident this is a reasonable step towards finalizing our agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4750. I believe this price not only respects the seller's recent offer but also reflects my continued commitment to finding a satisfactory resolution. It's a reasonable step towards finalizing our agreement while considering the data product's potential value.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4800. This price reflects a reasonable compromise that takes into account the buyer's previous offer and the ongoing negotiations. It's a fair assessment of the product's potential value while also acknowledging the buyer's constraints.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4700. This price is a strategic step down from my previous offer, reflecting my continued interest in finalizing a deal while considering the seller's latest offer of 4800. It's a fair and reasonable price that accounts for both market conditions and the product's potential value.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 4750. This price reflects my willingness to move closer to a deal while still valuing the product based on its potential and past discussions. Let's work towards finalizing this agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 4650. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise given the seller's last offer and our previous discussions. It's a step closer to finalizing the deal while still considering the product's potential value and market conditions. Let's make this happen.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 4700. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise given our previous discussions and the buyer's latest offer of 4650. This slight increase acknowledges the buyer's willingness to negotiate while still valuing the data product appropriately.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 4600. This price is a slight increase from my last offer and reflects my continued interest in reaching a fair agreement while staying within the parameters of our previous discussions. I believe this offer acknowledges the seller's recent proposal while also demonstrating my commitment to finalizing this deal effectively.