Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity, which indicates it can handle a reasonable amount of data processing or storage, but the lack of information on model performance improvement, data entropy, data life, and market conditions limits its appeal. As a result, while it has some value, the uncertainty surrounding its overall effectiveness and market demand keeps the price moderate.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating a promising enhancement in performance. The capacity is sufficient, and the low data entropy suggests that the data is reliable and well-structured, which is desirable for users. The medium data life implies that the data remains relevant for a reasonable period. However, the market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand, which tempers the overall valuation. Given these factors, the expected price reflects a balance between the strengths of the product and the moderate market conditions.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1660.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, the reliable structure of the data, and the overall value it brings to potential users despite the moderate market demand. I am confident that this product's capabilities warrant this premium price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. The performance improvement is noted, but the overall market demand and uncertainty surrounding the product's effectiveness suggest a more conservative price is appropriate.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700.0. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement and the overall value of the product, while also considering the current market dynamics and buyer concerns. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the quality of the offering and the buyer's caution.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's valuation and my need to remain cautious given the current market dynamics. It reflects a reasonable acknowledgment of the product's quality while still addressing my concerns about the investment.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the significant improvements in model performance and the cautious market dynamics we¡¯ve discussed. Let's move forward with this negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price strikes a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the seller's improvements in model performance while still being mindful of the market dynamics we've discussed. Let's work towards an agreement that reflects both parties' interests.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1680. This price reflects my confidence in the significant model performance improvements while also considering the current market dynamics. I believe this is a fair value that balances both our interests and acknowledges the improvements made.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's confidence in the model performance improvements while also considering the current market dynamics and my cautious approach to investment. I believe this represents a fair compromise that acknowledges the progress made without overstretching my budget.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1670. I believe this price reflects the significant model performance improvements we've achieved while still acknowledging the buyer's concerns about market dynamics. This position allows us to find a reasonable compromise that benefits both parties.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, reflecting the model performance improvements while also acknowledging the current market dynamics and our previous discussions. It's a reasonable compromise that allows us to move forward effectively.