Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and a market demand of 0.5, indicating a moderate interest in the product. However, the lack of data on key traits such as Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, Data Life, and History limits the overall valuation. Given these factors, a conservative price is reasonable.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a decent enhancement in performance, which is valuable in data products. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle a reasonable amount of data. The low data entropy indicates high data quality and reliability, which is desirable. However, the medium data life might limit its longevity in a rapidly changing market. The market rating of 0.5 suggests moderate demand. Overall, the combination of these factors supports a reasonable valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:7225.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 8000. This price reflects the substantial value of the data product due to its Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, coupled with its high data quality indicated by low data entropy. Given the market demand and the product's capacity, I believe this is a fair starting point to secure a beneficial deal.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 500. The substantial price of 8000 is far beyond my valuation, considering the limited data on key traits such as Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, Data Life, and History. I believe a more conservative and realistic offer is appropriate given the uncertainty around the product¡¯s overall value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 7500. This price reflects the significant value of the data product while still acknowledging the buyer's constraints from previous discussions. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the product's potential benefits.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 7400. I believe this price maintains the integrity of the negotiation while reflecting the value I see in the data product. It also demonstrates my willingness to meet the seller halfway, considering their previous offer and my constraints.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 7400. I believe this price reflects the product's undeniable value while also considering your previous offer. It¡¯s a fair compromise that recognizes the quality and performance improvements, and I am confident we can reach an agreement at this price.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 7300. I believe this price is a reasonable adjustment that still acknowledges the product's value while aligning more closely with my budget constraints. This allows us to move forward and find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 7350. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the product's significant value while also considering our previous negotiations and the buyer's constraints. I believe this is a fair compromise that can lead us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 7250. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while also considering my constraints and the need to reach an agreement. It's a strategic step towards closing the deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 7300. This price reflects a fair valuation of the data product, considering its model performance and quality, while also allowing for a reasonable negotiation space based on previous offers.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 7200. I believe this price still reflects the value of the data product while allowing for a slight concession to keep the negotiations moving forward. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 7250. This price reflects a fair valuation of the product while also acknowledging the ongoing negotiations. It's a step towards closing the deal, making it mutually beneficial for both parties.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 7200. I believe this price demonstrates my commitment to reaching a fair agreement while also reflecting the value of the product. It's a reasonable step that keeps us moving toward a mutually beneficial deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 7250. This price reflects my commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement while acknowledging the product's value. Let's work together to close this deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 7200. I believe this price represents a fair valuation of the product while also reflecting my commitment to reaching an agreement. With only a small difference from your offer, I am optimistic we can finalize this deal.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 7250. This price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while maintaining a willingness to reach a mutually beneficial agreement. Let's move closer to finalizing this deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 7200. I believe this price reflects the fair value of the product while demonstrating my commitment to reaching an agreement. Let's move towards finalizing this deal.