Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The product has sufficient capacity and a medium data life, which indicates it can provide some value to users. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement, data entropy, history, and market limits confidence in the product's overall effectiveness and market demand. Given these factors, a moderate price is justified.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '8000', 'reason': 'The product shows a decent Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates that it can enhance performance to a certain extent. The capacity is noted as "enough," implying it can handle a reasonable amount of data. The low data entropy suggests that the data is fairly consistent and predictable, which can be valuable for users looking for reliable outputs. However, the medium data life and lack of historical data suggest some limitations in long-term usability and trust. The market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand. Overall, the combined traits suggest a product that has potential but may not be top-tier, leading to a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 9000. This premium price reflects the decent Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, which showcases its potential to enhance performance effectively. The product's capacity is adequate for handling reasonable data volumes, and its low data entropy indicates reliability, making it a valuable asset for users seeking consistent outputs.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4500. Given the uncertainties regarding model performance improvement, data entropy, and market demand, a significantly lower price is justified. My valuation reflects the need for cautious investment in this product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the value and performance improvements while still accounting for the uncertainties in market demand. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the strengths of the model while also mitigating risks.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5900. This price considers the seller's offer while still reflecting my assessment of the product's value and the potential risks involved. I believe it's a fair proposal that acknowledges the strengths of the model while also pushing for a more competitive price.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects a balanced assessment of the product's value and the current market dynamics, acknowledging both potential performance improvements and existing uncertainties.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5900. This price acknowledges the seller's assessment while still reflecting my confidence in the product's value and potential performance improvements. It is a strategic move to find a middle ground that respects both parties' perspectives.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5900. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing discussions and assessments of the product's value in the current market landscape.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5800. I believe this price strikes a solid balance between the product's perceived value and the current market dynamics, while also recognizing the seller's position. This reflects my confidence in the product's capabilities, and I hope it serves as a fair step toward closing this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5800. Given the ongoing market dynamics and the buyer's previous offer of 5900, I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise while still valuing the product appropriately.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price not only acknowledges the seller's recent offer of 5800 but also reflects my commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement while still considering the overall market dynamics.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5700. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the buyer's last offer and the ongoing negotiations. It acknowledges the product's value while remaining competitive in the current market dynamics.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5600. I believe this price reflects a fair value while considering the seller's recent offer of 5700. It allows us to move closer to an agreement while still acknowledging the product's worth and the need for a balanced negotiation.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5700. This price reflects my assessment of the product's value in the current market context, balancing both the performance improvements and the uncertainties we¡¯ve discussed. I'm looking to find a resolution that acknowledges both parties' perspectives.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5600. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise given the ongoing discussions about the product's value and the current market uncertainties. It's a step closer to a resolution that respects both our perspectives while acknowledging the need for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5700. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise based on the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's last offer, allowing us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5600. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the seller's recent offer and the ongoing negotiations. It allows us to remain competitive while acknowledging the product's value and market conditions. Let's work towards achieving a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5600. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the perceived value of the product and the ongoing negotiations, keeping in mind the buyer's previous offer. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5500. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's perspective while still reflecting my assessment of the product's value in the current market context. Let's find a way to reach a successful agreement.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise given the ongoing negotiations and the need to find a middle ground that addresses both parties' interests.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price is a reasonable step towards a final agreement, reflecting my assessment of the product's value while still considering the seller's position. Let's finalize this deal!