Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has a low data entropy and sufficient capacity, indicating that it can handle the data well and provides a stable output. However, the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement and history makes it difficult to assess its potential value fully. Given the medium data life, it can still have some relevance in the market, contributing to a reasonable expected price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '8000', 'reason': "The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating a potential for enhancing performance. The capacity is sufficient, and the low data entropy suggests that the data is well-structured and reliable. However, with a medium data life and a history of 'NULL', there are concerns regarding the stability and long-term viability of the data. The market value of 0.5 indicates moderate demand, which could lead to a reasonable valuation. Overall, while there are some positive traits, the presence of a NULL history limits the confidence in long-term performance.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:7075.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 9000. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the well-structured nature of the data, which showcases its potential to enhance performance. While there are some concerns regarding its long-term viability, the demand in the market supports this valuation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. The seller's price of 9000 is far beyond my expectations, given the medium data life and concerns regarding long-term viability. My offer reflects the current market conditions and the limited information available on Model Performance Improvement. It's a starting point for further negotiations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 8000. I believe this price still reflects the significant value and potential of the data, while also addressing the buyer's concerns regarding long-term viability. This is a fair compromise that recognizes both the quality of the offer and the need for a more accessible price point.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 7000. This price reflects my understanding of the data's value while still considering the long-term viability concerns we've discussed. I'm confident this is a more accessible point for both of us to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 7500. This price reflects a significant reduction while still acknowledging the value of the data product and its potential benefits. I believe this is a fair compromise that could lead us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 7400. I believe this price better reflects my valuation of the data product while still acknowledging the seller's perspective. It's a reasonable step towards reaching a fair agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 7400. This price reflects my understanding of the data's market value while also acknowledging the buyer's previous offer. I believe this is a fair midpoint that considers both parties' perspectives.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 7300. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's recent offer while still aligning with my budget constraints. I'm looking for a resolution that respects the value of the data but remains within my financial limits.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 7350. This price reflects a slight decrease while still valuing the data's potential and the market demand, making it a reasonable compromise for both sides.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 7200. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my budget constraints. It aims to strike a balance between recognizing the data's value and moving towards a final agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 7300. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while recognizing the buyer's budget constraints. It also aligns with the value of the data and maintains the potential for a successful transaction.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 7200. I believe this price still reflects my appreciation for the data's value while remaining within my budget constraints. It's a reasonable step towards finalizing this deal, and I hope we can work together towards a successful transaction.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 7250. This price reflects the ongoing negotiations and aims to provide a balanced approach, considering both the value of the data and the buyer's budget constraints. Let's move closer to finalizing this deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 7150. This reflects my ongoing consideration of both the value of the data and my budget constraints. I'm keen to move closer to a deal that respects both our positions.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 7200. This price reflects the steady value of the data and acknowledges the buyer's previous offer while still aiming for a fair return on my investment. Let's find common ground and finalize this deal!
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 7100. This reflects my continued interest in reaching a fair agreement while acknowledging the seller's latest price. I'm looking to secure a deal that aligns with both our values and constraints. Let's negotiate further to finalize this!
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 7150. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the value of the data and your budget constraints, allowing us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 7050. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's valuation while still considering my budget constraints. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 7100. I believe this price reflects the value of the data while considering the buyer's previous offer, allowing us to reach a fair and mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 7050. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while staying within my budget constraints, aiming for a final agreement that reflects both the value of the data and my financial limitations.