Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a positive enhancement in performance, which can be appealing to potential users. However, the lack of additional information regarding data entropy, data life, history, and market, limits the overall assessment of the product's value. Given the single strength in MPI, I estimate a modest price reflecting its potential but also the uncertainty due to missing traits.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.25 indicates a decent enhancement in performance, which is valuable for users looking to optimize their processes. The low data entropy suggests that the data is consistent and reliable, which is an asset for data-driven decisions. However, the medium data life may limit long-term usage, and the lack of historical data could raise some concerns. The market score of 0.5 indicates a moderate demand, which supports a reasonable price. Overall, the product has valuable traits, but the NULL history trait slightly reduces confidence.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1722.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant value of the data product, given its enhancement in model performance and its reliable consistency, making it a strong asset for users aiming to optimize their processes.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. While I appreciate the seller's perspective on the model performance enhancement, I believe that the price should reflect the uncertainties surrounding the missing information about data entropy and other key factors. My offer aims to balance the potential value of the product with these considerations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. The value of the data product is significant, and I believe this price reflects its importance in enhancing model performance, while also addressing my concerns about uncertainties with the data.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1725. The data product's significance in enhancing model performance is undeniable, and I believe this adjusted price reflects a fair balance between its value and the uncertainties previously mentioned. Let's find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the significant value of the data product while also considering the existing uncertainties. I believe this is a fair and balanced offer that can lead us to a successful agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1725. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the value of the data product and addressing the uncertainties previously discussed. It's a reasonable step towards finalizing our agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects the substantial value of the data product while acknowledging the uncertainties discussed previously. It strikes a fair balance for both parties and allows us to move forward.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1725. I believe this price reflects the ongoing value of the data product while still considering the necessary adjustments for the uncertainties we've discussed. It provides a fair compromise that acknowledges both the product's merits and the potential risks involved.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the significant value of the data product while also acknowledging the uncertainties we've discussed. It strikes a fair balance and opens the door for a successful agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1725. This price recognizes the value of the data product while also addressing the uncertainties we've discussed. It maintains a competitive edge and paves the way for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the significant value of the data product while also considering the uncertainties we've discussed. It¡¯s a fair and competitive offer that acknowledges both the benefits and risks involved.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1720. I believe this price still reflects the significant value of the data product while addressing the uncertainties we've discussed. It shows my willingness to negotiate while maintaining a fair stance that acknowledges both the value and the risks involved.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1725. This price strikes a fair balance between the recognized value of the data product and the uncertainties that have been previously discussed. It reflects my willingness to negotiate while still ensuring that both parties can benefit from the deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1720. This price acknowledges the seller's offer while still reflecting the value I see in the data product. It maintains a slight concession to facilitate a deal while remaining within a reasonable distance of our previous discussions.