Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates a promising enhancement in its functionality that could attract users. The market demand rating of 0.5 suggests a moderate interest in the product, but the presence of NULL traits like Data Entropy and History limits the overall confidence in its potential. Given these factors, a price in the mid-range is justified.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate level of enhancement, which can be appealing in certain markets, especially if the capacity is sufficient to meet demand. The low data entropy suggests that the data is of high quality and reliability. However, the medium data life and absence of historical data may limit the perceived value. The market score of 0.5 indicates a fair level of interest and demand for such products, which balances the overall valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1727.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the high quality and reliability of the data, indicated by the low data entropy, coupled with the moderate performance enhancement of 0.25, making it an attractive option for potential buyers in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. While the seller highlights the data's quality and moderate performance enhancement, I believe my offer reflects a fair value considering the market demand and the presence of NULL traits. I am confident that we can reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. The data's high quality and potential for performance enhancement justify a higher price, but I'm willing to negotiate to find a middle ground that reflects the value while still being attractive to you.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1725. The data's high quality and performance enhancement potential are valuable, and I'm willing to meet the seller halfway to ensure a beneficial deal for both parties. This price reflects the data's worth while remaining attractive for negotiation.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. The data's high quality and potential for performance enhancement justify this price, and it aligns well with our previous discussions. I'm looking to find a fair compromise that reflects the true value of the data while also being reasonable for both parties.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1720. The seller's price of 1750 is close, but I believe my offer reflects a fair assessment of the data's value while still being reasonable. This price acknowledges the high quality of the data while allowing for a bit of negotiation space.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1730. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation of the data's quality and potential, while still allowing for a constructive negotiation. It's a reasonable step towards reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1725. This price reflects my recognition of the data's quality and potential while still maintaining a sense of value for both parties. It allows us to move forward in our negotiations constructively.