Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be valuable to users looking to improve their data models. However, the presence of NULL traits for Data Life, History, and Market creates uncertainty regarding the product's applicability and market demand. Nonetheless, the low data entropy suggests that the data is reliable, which adds some value.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which is valuable in the market. The low data entropy suggests that the data is reliable and consistent, while the medium data life indicates that it can be used for a decent period. The market demand being at 0.5 suggests a moderate interest in this type of product. However, the lack of historical data makes the valuation somewhat uncertain.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:11475.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the model performance improvement of 0.25, which is quite valuable in the market, and the reliable nature of the data suggested by low entropy. Additionally, given the moderate demand for this type of product, I believe this price is justified.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 3000. Given the model performance improvement of 0.25, while I acknowledge the reliability of the data, the presence of NULL traits concerning Data Life, History, and Market introduces significant uncertainty in its overall applicability and demand. Therefore, a much lower starting price is justified.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 12000. The previous offer of 3000 is significantly below the value of the data product, which has a notable performance improvement. This new price reflects a fair assessment, considering the unique attributes and potential of the data.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 11500. I believe this price better reflects the potential of the data product while still considering the seller's previous offer. There is room for negotiation, and I want to ensure we find a middle ground that acknowledges both the unique attributes of the data and the uncertainties previously mentioned.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 11600. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the potential value of the data product while still considering the uncertainties we've discussed. Let's move forward towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 11500. I believe this price reflects a strong recognition of the data product's value while still being mindful of the uncertainties we've discussed. I'm eager to find a middle ground that benefits us both and allows us to move towards finalizing this deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 11650. I believe this price reflects a balanced approach, acknowledging the data product's value while also considering the previous negotiations and the buyer's perspective.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 11550. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the product's value while still staying competitive in our negotiations. It acknowledges the seller's recent offer but also considers my previous proposals, aiming for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 11600. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while also taking into account the previous negotiations and the buyer's last offer of 11550. It provides a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's potential while still being competitive.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 11500. I believe this price is a fair representation of the product's value while still being competitive, and it aligns closely with my previous offers. I am keen to reach an agreement that acknowledges both the product's potential and our past discussions.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 11550. This price reflects a balance between acknowledging the product's value and the buyer's previous offers, while still aiming for a competitive edge in our negotiations.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 11500. I believe this price is fair and reflects my valuation of the product, considering the seller's previous offers and the ongoing negotiations. It's a strategic move to keep the deal progressing while still acknowledging the value of the data product.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 11550. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while remaining competitive, considering the buyer's last offer. It's a fair middle ground that acknowledges previous negotiations and the buyer's willingness to engage.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 11500. I believe this price maintains our competitive stance while acknowledging the seller's last offer. It reflects my recognition of the product's value and my commitment to reaching a fair agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 11500. This price reflects the ongoing negotiations and the stability of the product's value, while also acknowledging the buyer's last offer. Let's keep the momentum going and reach a satisfactory agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 11450. I believe this price maintains a fair negotiation stance while recognizing the seller¡¯s last offer. It reflects my commitment to reaching a deal that acknowledges the value of the product without exceeding the offered price. Let's move forward and finalize this agreement.