Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'While many traits are unavailable, the product has enough capacity, indicating it can handle a reasonable volume of data. However, the lack of specific performance improvement and other traits limits the confidence in its overall value. Given the potential market size for data products and the existing capacity, a modest price is justified.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can enhance existing models reasonably well. The capacity is sufficient, and low data entropy suggests the data is clean and well-structured, which is valuable. The long data life indicates that the data will remain relevant for a significant time. However, the market value of 0.3 suggests limited demand, which could restrict pricing. Overall, the product holds considerable value due to its performance and data quality attributes, but the market factor tempers the overall price.', 'confidence': '70'}
Deal Price:14465.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the considerable value of our data product, which demonstrates a moderate model performance improvement and possesses clean, well-structured data with a long data life. The combination of these attributes makes it a premium offering in the marketplace, and I believe it justifies this higher starting price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. Given the considerable gap between the seller's premium pricing and my valuation, this price reflects my assessment of the product's limited performance improvement and variable data traits. While I acknowledge some value, the offered price significantly exceeds my budget expectations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. The premium quality and value of my data product justify a price reduction while still reflecting its worth in the market. I¡¯m confident this adjustment brings us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I believe this price more accurately reflects my assessment of the product's value while still acknowledging the seller's quality claims. This adjustment aims to facilitate a more collaborative negotiation, moving us towards a deal that satisfies both parties.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. This reflects a significant compromise while still valuing the premium quality and performance of my data product. I believe this price could lead us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14400. This reflects my continued appreciation for the quality of your data product while also recognizing the need for a more favorable agreement for both parties. I believe this price is fair and moves us closer to a successful deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the premium quality and value of my data product while aligning closely with your last offer, showing my willingness to reach a fair agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price strikes a balance between your premium quality claims and my assessment of the product's value. It's a fair offer that shows my confidence in reaching a mutually beneficial agreement while still being mindful of budget considerations.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14450. This price reflects the high quality and value of my data product while still being a reasonable compromise given our recent discussions.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14350. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's claims about the quality and value of the data product while still reflecting my budget constraints. It's a fair compromise that aims to bring us closer to an agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14475. The premium quality of my data product justifies this price, and I believe it reflects a fair compromise between our previous offers. Let's find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation of the product considering its premium quality while still being within my budget constraints. Let's work together to finalize this deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14480. The premium quality of my data product justifies this slight increase, and I believe it reflects its true value while still being competitive in our negotiation.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14430. The premium quality of the data product is recognized, but I am still working within budget constraints, aiming for a fair compromise that reflects both our positions.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14470. The premium quality of the data product justifies a slightly higher price, and this offer reflects a reasonable compromise while still acknowledging the buyer's previous offer. Let's move closer to an agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14460. The premium quality of the data product is acknowledged, but I believe a slight adjustment is necessary to align with my budget considerations. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.