Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has low data entropy, indicating it is stable and reliable, which can be attractive in certain markets. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement, data life, and history limits the confidence in its overall value. Given the capacity is sufficient, it suggests usability, but the missing traits prevent a higher valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2 suggests that the product has a notable capability for enhancing performance, which is valuable in many applications. The capacity being "enough" indicates that it can handle the required workload, and low data entropy suggests that the data is well-structured and reliable. The medium data life indicates that the product has relevance for a reasonable duration. However, the market value of 0.3 indicates it is somewhat limited in demand. Overall, the combination of these traits leads to a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:4525.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the significant capability of our data product to enhance performance, as indicated by the model performance improvement of 0.2. The product's reliability, as shown by low data entropy, and its capacity to handle the required workload add substantial value. Given these attributes, I believe this price is justified for its potential in various applications.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. The offered price of 6000 significantly exceeds the value I see in the product, given the limited information on model performance improvement and data history. While I acknowledge the product's reliability and capacity, my valuation is based on a more cautious assessment of its overall worth.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. This price reflects the significant performance improvements and reliability of the product while also considering the buyer's skepticism. I'm confident that this adjusted price offers great value for a product of this caliber.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price strikes a balance between the value of the product and my initial skepticism. It's a reasonable compromise that reflects my interest while still considering my concerns about the product's overall reliability and performance.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 4800. The previous negotiation has shown a willingness to move closer to a compromise, and I believe this price reflects the value of the product while addressing the buyer's concerns.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 4700. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, taking into account the seller's recent offer while still allowing room for negotiation. It reflects my continued interest in the product while addressing my concerns about its value.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 4750. This price reflects the value of the product and its proven performance while still being a step forward in our negotiations. Let's bridge the gap and find a solution that works for both of us.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 4650. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the product's potential while still addressing my concerns about its value, and it allows us to continue moving towards a mutually agreeable solution.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 4700. This price reflects a fair balance between the product's proven performance and reliability while addressing your concerns about value. Let's move forward with this reasonable offer.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4600. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise while still considering the product's value and my previous offers. Let's find common ground and move forward with this deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 4650. This price reflects the ongoing negotiations while still emphasizing the quality and performance of the product. I believe this is a fair offer that balances value and reliability, and it keeps us moving towards a deal.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4550. I believe this price reflects a fair adjustment while still recognizing the product's quality and performance. It demonstrates my willingness to negotiate and move closer to a deal without compromising on value.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4600. This price reflects my confidence in the product's robust performance and reliability while also acknowledging the ongoing negotiation process. It's a fair compromise that balances both our interests.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4500. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's confidence in the product's performance and my ongoing concerns about its overall value. It demonstrates my willingness to compromise while also ensuring that I am not overextending my budget.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4550. This price reflects the product's solid performance and reliability while also considering the buyer's previous offer. I'm confident this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4500. I believe this price is fair and demonstrates my continued confidence in the product's value while remaining respectful of the seller's position. It allows us to move closer to an agreement without compromising too much on either side.