Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a sufficient capacity, indicating it can handle the required data, but the NULL traits suggest limited information regarding its overall performance and reliability. The market factor of 0.3 indicates a low demand, which further restricts its perceived value. However, despite the uncertainty, the existing capacity suggests it could still have some utility, hence a modest price.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates that the product has a reasonable level of effectiveness in enhancing performance. The capacity being sufficient suggests that it can handle the required data loads, while low data entropy and long data life indicate stability and sustainability of the data quality. However, the market value of 0.3 is relatively modest, which may limit the overall demand. Thus, the product has potential value, but the lack of historical data weakens the confidence in this valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:5275.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the robust model performance improvement and the stable quality of the data, suggesting significant potential value for the buyer.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4800. Given the current market demand and the data's limited reliability, I believe this price reflects a fair value while also acknowledging the product's potential utility.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. The value of this data product is significant due to its enhanced model performance and the consistent quality of the information provided. This price reflects a fair compromise while still acknowledging the high standards we maintain.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5400. The enhanced model performance and consistent quality of the data are indeed valuable, but I believe this price reflects a more balanced assessment of its worth given the previous discussions on data reliability.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5500. The quality and reliability of the data have been demonstrated, and I believe this price reflects its true value.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the seller's valuation of the data's quality and reliability and my assessment of its worth, given the previous discussions. Let's move closer to a deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the strong value of the product, considering its excellent performance and the stable data quality that I provide. It¡¯s a fair compromise based on our previous discussions and the buyer's valuation.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5400. This price reflects my confidence in the value of the data while also considering the limitations previously discussed. It strikes a balance between our valuations and acknowledges the quality the seller claims.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the high quality and value of the data product, which has consistently shown strong performance and reliability. I believe this is a fair compromise considering our previous discussions.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the data's value while still considering the seller's emphasis on quality and performance. It's a balanced offer that acknowledges our previous discussions and aims to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the strong value and quality of the data product while remaining competitive in light of our previous discussions. I'm confident this is a fair assessment for both parties.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price acknowledges the quality and reliability of the data while remaining competitive based on our past discussions. It reflects a balanced assessment of the product's value that can lead us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5450. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between the value of the data product and the buyer's perspective. It acknowledges the quality and reliability of the data while still being a reasonable adjustment from my previous offers.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price is a fair assessment of the data's value while still reflecting my confidence in its reliability and quality. It takes into account the seller's recent offer while allowing for a reasonable negotiation space as we move forward in this deal.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5400. This price reflects a fair assessment of the product's quality and recent discussions, aiming to find a balanced agreement that acknowledges both parties' perspectives.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise between our valuations, acknowledging the quality of the product while still considering my budget constraints. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5350. This price reflects the high quality and reliability of the data product while considering the buyer's previous offer. I believe it strikes a fair balance between both parties' valuations.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5250. This price reflects my understanding of the product's value while considering the seller's previous offer. It acknowledges the quality and reliability of the data product while still fitting within my budget constraints.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5300. This price reflects the high quality and reliability of the data product while also considering the buyer's previous offer of 5250. It represents a fair compromise, ensuring both parties recognize the value of this exceptional data.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5250. I believe this price reflects a balanced assessment of the data's value while acknowledging the seller's recent offer. It's a reasonable compromise that recognizes the quality and reliability of the product, aligning with my budget constraints.