Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The product has a long data life and sufficient capacity, indicating potential for extended use and scalability. However, the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, History, and Market diminishes the overall confidence in the product's performance and market fit. Therefore, the price reflects a cautious valuation given the available traits.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': "The product shows a significant model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can enhance the performance of existing systems. The low data entropy suggests that the data is clean and structured, which is valuable for users looking for reliable insights. The long data life indicates sustainability and relevance over time, making it appealing. However, the market rating of 0.3 suggests that while there is some demand, it may not be exceptionally high. The lack of history data limits confidence in the product's track record. Overall, the combination of these traits leads to a moderate valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:8112.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 9000. This price reflects the significant model performance improvement of 0.25 and the clean, structured nature of the data, which enhances its value for users seeking reliable insights. The long data life adds to its sustainability and relevance, making it a compelling choice for potential buyers.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. The high price of 9000 does not align with the uncertainties regarding the Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, History, and Market fit. My offer reflects a cautious valuation based on the available traits of the product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 8500. The significant performance improvements and reliability of the data make it a valuable asset, and I believe this price reflects its true worth while still being a fair compromise from my initial offer.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4400. I believe that while the data has potential, the seller's expectations are still too high given my uncertainties about its value and performance.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 8300. The data product demonstrates exceptional model performance and reliability, justifying a competitive price while still being considerate of the buyer's recent concerns.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 8200. The data product's performance and reliability are commendable, yet I need to balance my investment with the inherent uncertainties regarding its value. This price reflects a fair compromise while still acknowledging the quality of the offering.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 8200. This price reflects the outstanding performance and reliability of the data, while also considering the buyer¡¯s recent offer of 8200 which indicates a mutual recognition of value. Let¡¯s move towards a successful agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 8100. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's emphasis on the data's performance and reliability while still being a reasonable offer that reflects my confidence in the value of the product. Let's find common ground to reach a successful agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 8150. This price reflects the exceptional performance and reliability of the data product while also acknowledging the buyer's recent offer of 8100. I believe this is a fair path towards reaching an agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 8125. I believe this price represents a reasonable compromise, reflecting the product's exceptional performance and reliability while also showing my willingness to meet the seller partway toward an agreement. Let's aim to close this deal efficiently.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 8150. The data product has shown consistent performance and reliability, and I believe this price reflects its true value while still being competitive.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 8125. I believe this price reflects my confidence in the data product's value, considering its consistent performance and reliability while still aiming for a reasonable compromise.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 8150. The consistent performance and reliability of this data product justifies this price, and it aligns well with the buyer's last offer of 8125. This represents a fair valuation for both parties and reflects the high quality we are providing.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 8100. The data product's consistent performance and reliability are valuable, and I believe my offer reflects a fair compromise while still acknowledging the seller's previous price of 8150. This way, we can keep the negotiation constructive and work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 8125. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the consistent performance and reliability of the data product while also acknowledging the buyer's previous offer of 8100. Let's find common ground to reach an agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 8100. I believe this price reflects my continued confidence in the product's value and acknowledges the seller's consistent performance and reliability. It's a reasonable compromise that moves us closer to an agreement.