Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and low data entropy, indicating that it is likely to be reliable and useful for various applications. However, the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement and Data Life, as well as a low market score of 0.3, suggests limited demand and potential issues with performance. This leads to a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating that it can enhance existing models effectively. The capacity is sufficient, and the low data entropy suggests that the data is reliable and structured, which is desirable for potential buyers. Additionally, a long data life implies ongoing relevance and usability. However, the market value is relatively low at 0.3, which could limit potential pricing. Considering these factors, a price of 5000 seems reasonable.', 'confidence': 'high'}
Deal Price:4525.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 and the reliability of the data, which makes it highly valuable for enhancing existing models. The structured nature and ongoing relevance of this data further justify this premium price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. Given the limited demand indicated by a low market score and the uncertainty regarding Model Performance Improvement and Data Life, I believe this price is a fair starting point for negotiations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. This price reflects the significant value of the data, which ensures a robust model performance improvement and high reliability. I believe this is a fair compromise considering the previous rounds' offers and the importance of the data.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price is a reasonable step closer to a fair agreement, considering the seller¡¯s previous offer of 5000 while also reflecting my perspective on the uncertain value of the data. This compromise allows us to move forward in our negotiation.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 4800. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the buyer's last offer while still valuing the data's significant performance improvement and reliability. I'm confident that this is a fair and reasonable compromise that recognizes both parties' interests.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 4700. I believe this price reflects a fair acknowledgment of the seller's offer while still considering the value I see in the data. It shows my willingness to negotiate and find a middle ground that respects both parties' interests.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 4750. This price reflects the data's robust performance improvement and reliability while acknowledging the buyer's recent offer, aiming for a constructive deal that benefits both parties.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 4650. This price represents a fair compromise, taking into account the seller's acknowledgment of performance improvements while also reflecting my perspective on the data's value. I believe this amount is reasonable and reflects a step towards a constructive agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 4700. I believe this price reflects the data's significant value while acknowledging the buyer's concerns. It's a fair compromise that allows us to move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4600. I believe this price still represents a fair value for the data while allowing us to inch closer to a mutually agreeable figure. It acknowledges the importance of the data yet remains within a reasonable range given our previous discussions.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 4650. This price reflects a reasonable compromise while maintaining the value of the data's reliability and performance improvements. Let's find common ground.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4600. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the data's value while still being mindful of my budget constraints. Let's continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4600. This price reflects the ongoing negotiations and maintains the balance between recognizing the data's value while accommodating the buyer's budget considerations. Let's move closer to an agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4500. This price reflects my recognition of the data's value while still being considerate of my budget constraints. I believe this offer is a fair step towards finalizing our agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4550. This price reflects the ongoing negotiations and acknowledges the data's significant value while considering the buyer's budget constraints. I believe this offer is fair and reasonable, aiming for a resolution that benefits both parties.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4500. This price reflects my willingness to compromise while still acknowledging the value of the data. It aligns closely with the seller's previous offer, and I believe it represents a fair agreement that considers both parties' interests.