Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a long data life and low data entropy, indicating it can provide stable and reliable insights over time. Although some traits are NULL, the overall capacity and low entropy suggest potential value in markets that prioritize data longevity and quality.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The model shows a significant performance improvement (MPI of 0.25), indicating it can enhance outcomes in its applications. The capacity is adequate, and the data entropy is low, which suggests that the data used is reliable and high-quality. Additionally, the long data life implies that the insights derived will remain relevant for an extended period. However, the market score of 0.3 indicates moderate demand, which tempers the potential price. The lack of historical data does affect the confidence in the valuation slightly.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the significant performance improvement of the data product, with a model performance index (MPI) of 0.25, indicating enhanced outcomes in applications. The high-quality and reliable data, combined with its long data life, adds substantial value, making this a competitive offer in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4800. While I appreciate the seller's emphasis on the performance improvement and long data life of the product, I believe my offer reflects a fair value considering the overall market conditions and my analysis of the data's potential.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. The value of the data product is backed by its significant performance improvements and extensive high-quality insights, which justify a premium price.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5200. The seller's previous price of 5500 is too high for my budget, but I recognize the value of the data product and want to find a middle ground that reflects its performance improvements while still being within my limits.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects the exceptional quality and performance of the data product while remaining competitive in the market.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the quality and performance of the data product while still being a reasonable offer from my perspective.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5350. I believe this price reflects the exceptional quality and performance of the data product while remaining competitive in the market. It strikes a balance between the value I know the product holds and the buyer's considerations.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5250. I believe this price represents a fair valuation of the data product, acknowledging its quality and performance while also considering my budget constraints. It¡¯s a competitive offer that reflects my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5300. I believe this price reflects the exceptional quality and market competitiveness of the data product while still being a reasonable consideration for both parties.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5200. I believe this price acknowledges the quality and competitiveness of the data product while remaining within my budgetary constraints. This is a fair valuation that we can both consider as we move forward in our negotiations.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5250. This price reflects the exceptional quality and market competitiveness of the data product while being more accessible within the current negotiation context.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5200. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the quality of the data product and staying within my budget. This slight adjustment reflects my commitment to reaching an agreement while still valuing the product appropriately.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5250. This price reflects the exceptional quality of the data product while remaining competitive in the market. Let's find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5200. This price acknowledges the seller's emphasis on the product's exceptional quality while ensuring it remains within my budget constraints. Let's finalize this deal.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5250. This price reflects the exceptional quality and performance of the data product while also considering the buyer's budget constraints. I believe this is a fair and competitive offer that aligns with the market's expectations.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5150. I believe this price still acknowledges the quality of the data product while allowing me to stay within my budget constraints. It's a reasonable compromise that reflects my continued interest in this deal.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5200. This price reflects the exceptional quality and performance of the data product, while also taking into account the buyer's budget constraints. I'm confident that this is a fair compromise that highlights the product's value.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5100. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between recognizing the product's quality and staying within my budget constraints. It reflects my continued interest in reaching a mutually beneficial agreement while considering the seller's value proposition.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5150. The quality of the data product remains exceptional, and I believe this price reflects both its market value and performance. Let's find a common ground that benefits us both.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5050. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the quality of the data product and remaining within my budget constraints. Let's work together to finalize this deal.