Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in model performance, which can be valuable in competitive markets where accuracy is crucial. However, the lack of data on Data Entropy, Data Life, and History limits the ability to assess the product's long-term viability and robustness. The market demand of 0.3 suggests some potential interest, but the overall uncertainty due to the NULL traits affects the pricing. Given these factors, a price of 1500 reflects a reasonable valuation considering the available information.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product demonstrates a decent Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which suggests it can enhance existing systems significantly. The low data entropy indicates high quality and reliability of the data, while a long data life suggests that the data can be useful for an extended period. However, the market size is relatively small (0.3), which may limit the potential buyer base. Overall, the combination of these factors leads to a reasonable valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This data product showcases a remarkable Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, indicating its significant potential to enhance existing systems. Additionally, its high quality, evidenced by low data entropy, and extended data life further elevate its value. I'm confident that this product is a premium offering in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1200. While the Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 is noteworthy, the lack of data on Data Entropy, Data Life, and History raises concerns about the product's long-term reliability and robustness. Given these uncertainties, a price of 1200 reflects a cautious yet fair valuation in light of the available information.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. The product's exceptional Model Performance Improvement and high quality justify a strong price, reflecting its value in the market.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe that while the product has notable qualities, my previous concerns regarding reliability and long-term performance still stand. This price reflects a more balanced assessment of its value in light of those considerations.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 4000. This price reflects the remarkable quality and exceptional model performance improvement of the product, while also considering the buyer's previous offer. I'm confident that this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the product's value and the buyer's concerns.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1800. I believe this price is a fair reflection of my concerns regarding the product's reliability and long-term performance, while still acknowledging the seller's emphasis on quality and model improvement. I hope we can find common ground as we move forward in this negotiation.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 3500. The product's exceptional performance and quality provide great value, and I believe this price reflects its worth while considering the buyer's previous concerns.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. While I acknowledge the seller's emphasis on the product's exceptional performance and quality, my concerns about reliability and long-term performance still stand. This price reflects my willingness to engage while addressing those issues.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 3300. This price reflects the exceptional quality and performance improvements of the product while also being a reasonable step towards a potential agreement. I believe this represents a fair value for both parties.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 3200. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's emphasis on quality and performance improvements while still addressing my ongoing concerns regarding reliability and long-term performance. It's a reasonable step towards reaching an agreement that reflects the value of the product while being mindful of my budget constraints.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 3100. The product offers exceptional quality and performance improvements, and I believe this price reflects its true value while remaining competitive.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 3000. The product indeed has exceptional quality and performance improvements, but I believe my offer better reflects my budget constraints while still recognizing its value. Let's find a middle ground that works for both of us.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2900. This price reflects the value of the product's exceptional quality and performance improvements, while also considering your previous offer of 3100. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the product's worth and your budget constraints.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2800. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the value of the product while still respecting my budget constraints. It's a reasonable step towards closing the deal, and I hope we can come to an agreement that works for both of us.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2700. The product's exceptional quality and performance improvements make it a valuable investment, and I believe this price reflects its worth while also being competitive in the market.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2600. The product demonstrates significant potential, but I need to balance my budget with the quality being presented. This price reflects my confidence in the product while also being mindful of my financial constraints.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 2500. The product delivers outstanding performance and quality, and I believe this price reflects its true value while considering our ongoing negotiations.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 2400. The seller's offer of 2500 is close to my price range, and I believe that 2400 reflects the product's value while still addressing my budgetary constraints. This price also demonstrates my willingness to negotiate and find common ground as we near the final rounds of our discussions.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 2400. The product's exceptional quality and performance improvements justify this price, aligning well with the buyer's previous offer while ensuring a fair deal for both parties.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 2300. The product's exceptional quality and performance improvements are evident, and while I value the seller's offer, I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that considers both the quality of the product and my budget constraints.