Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in model performance, which is valuable for users looking to improve their data products. The long data life suggests sustainability and potential for ongoing value. However, the NULL traits limit the overall confidence in the product's completeness and market readiness, which tempers the valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can enhance model outcomes effectively. The capacity is enough, and the low data entropy suggests that the data is stable and reliable, which is attractive to potential buyers. Additionally, a long data life adds to its value, as it suggests longevity and continued relevance. However, the market score of 0.3 indicates moderate demand, which tempers the overall valuation. Therefore, the expected price reflects a balance between its strong attributes and average market potential.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the substantial Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, the reliability indicated by low data entropy, and the long data life of the product, all of which significantly enhance its value in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. While I appreciate the seller's highlighting of the Model Performance Improvement and long data life, the NULL traits significantly limit my confidence in the product's overall value. My offer reflects a more balanced perspective on its market readiness and potential for ongoing value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 16000. The product's strong performance and reliability are compelling, but I still have concerns regarding certain aspects that may impact its perceived value. This price represents a fair compromise, reflecting both the quality of the product and the caution I feel.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 15500. While I appreciate the seller's perspective and acknowledge the strong performance of the product, I believe my offer strikes a balance between the value offered and the concerns that have been raised.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 15500. I believe this price reflects the strong performance of the product while also addressing the concerns regarding its perceived value. It's a fair compromise that can lead us closer to a successful agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 15400. I believe this price still acknowledges the strong performance of the product while slightly lowering the offer to explore a potential middle ground. This approach reflects my commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 15500. I believe this price reflects the strong performance of the product while also addressing the concerns regarding its perceived value. 
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 15400. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the product's strong performance while still addressing the concerns regarding its perceived value.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 15500. I believe this price reflects the strong performance of the product while still acknowledging the concerns that have been raised about its perceived value. This is a fair compromise that balances both of our interests.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 15400. I believe this price continues to reflect the strong performance of the product while addressing the seller's concerns. It's a fair compromise that allows us to move forward in our negotiations.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 15500. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the strong performance of the product while still recognizing the buyer's concerns. Let's move forward and finalize this deal.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 15400. This price reflects my continued belief in the product's strong performance while also addressing the concerns we've discussed. I see this as a fair compromise that allows us to progress towards a successful agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 15500. This price reflects the strong performance and reliability of the product while also taking into account the ongoing discussions about its perceived value. It's a fair compromise that could move us closer to an agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 15400. This price reflects my continued recognition of the product's strong performance while addressing the concerns over its perceived value. It's a strategic move to find a resolution that benefits both parties and keeps the negotiations progressing towards a fair agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 15500. I believe this price reflects the strong performance and reliability of the product while addressing the concerns raised about its perceived value. Let's find a way to move forward towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 15400. I believe this price continues to reflect a fair assessment of the product's value while recognizing the seller's previous offer. It acknowledges the strong performance of the product and aims to facilitate an agreement that benefits both parties. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 15500. The product's strong performance and reliability justify this price, and I believe it strikes a fair balance given our previous discussions. Let's move towards closing this deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 15400. The product's strong performance and reliability are undeniable, and while I appreciate the seller's offer of 15500, I believe 15400 is a fair compromise that reflects the ongoing negotiations and acknowledges both parties' interests. Let's work together to finalize this deal.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 15500. This price represents the product's strong performance and reliability while acknowledging the buyer's concerns. I'm confident this figure reflects a fair compromise that can lead us to a successful agreement.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 15400. I believe this price represents a fair value for the product, considering its strong performance and the need for a reasonable compromise. It acknowledges the seller's concerns while also staying within a competitive range to facilitate a successful agreement.