Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.25 indicates a significant enhancement in performance, which can be valuable for many applications. Additionally, having enough capacity and low data entropy suggests that the product is reliable and can handle data efficiently. However, the lack of information regarding data life, history, and market limits the confidence in the valuation, as these factors are crucial for establishing long-term usefulness and demand.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The model shows a performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can enhance existing processes or products, which is valuable in competitive markets. The capacity is labeled as "enough," suggesting it can handle a reasonable amount of data or users. With low data entropy, the information is likely to be reliable and consistent, while a long data life implies ongoing utility and relevance. However, the market size is only 0.3, suggesting limited demand or competition. The absence of history data presents some uncertainty, but overall, the positive traits provide a solid foundation for value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:15660.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the exceptional value of the data product, which boasts a performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25, effectively enhancing processes and providing reliability with low data entropy and long data life. Such features are vital in competitive markets, justifying a premium price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. While I acknowledge the seller's assertion of exceptional value, my assessment considers the lack of detailed information on data life, history, and market demand. These factors limit my confidence in a higher valuation. Therefore, I believe 4000 is a fair starting point for negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 16000. I believe this price reflects the exceptional value and performance of the data product while being more accommodating to your concerns regarding data life and market demand. This is a solid opportunity for both of us to move forward.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 15000. I believe this price is a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the data product while still addressing my concerns about data life and market demand. It's an opportunity for us to progress towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 15500. The data product's value is undeniable, and I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while still acknowledging its exceptional performance and potential in the market.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 15400. I believe this price is a reasonable step towards a fair agreement, considering the product's perceived value while still addressing my concerns about the data's longevity and market demand. Let's work together to finalize this deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 15600. This price reflects the exceptional value and performance of the data product, while also considering the buyer¡¯s previous offer of 15400. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' interests.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 15500. I believe this price reflects my recognition of the product's value while still being mindful of my budget constraints. It's a step closer to your offer and acknowledges the ongoing negotiations.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 15650. This price reflects the exceptional quality and potential of the data product while remaining competitive in our negotiations. I'm confident this is a fair compromise that recognizes the value we both see in this deal.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 15500. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation of the data product while still acknowledging the seller's emphasis on its quality. It is a reasonable compromise that takes into account both parties' positions and allows us to move closer to an agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 15650. This price reflects the exceptional value and quality of the data product, and I believe it's a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' interests.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 15550. I believe this price reflects my continued appreciation for the quality of the data product while maintaining a budget that takes into account the various factors we've discussed in previous rounds. I'm committed to finding a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 15670. This price reflects the exceptional value and quality of the data product, while still being a reasonable compromise considering the buyer's previous offer of 15650. I believe this is a fair step forward in our negotiations.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 15650. I believe this price reflects a fair appreciation for the quality of the data product while remaining within my budget constraints. It shows my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.