Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a notable enhancement, which is appealing in the market. The low data entropy suggests high data quality, making the product attractive for potential users. However, the NULL values for Data Life and History introduce some uncertainty regarding the product's longevity and past performance, which slightly diminishes confidence in the valuation. The market size of 0.3 indicates moderate demand, contributing positively to the expected price.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product demonstrates a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates it can enhance efficiency or effectiveness in its application. Its low data entropy suggests high data quality and reliability, while a long data life implies that the data remains relevant and valuable over time. The market demand score of 0.3 indicates a moderate interest in this type of product, supporting a reasonable price point. However, the lack of historical data limits the confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1607.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, indicating enhanced efficiency, as well as the high data quality suggested by low data entropy and the long data life that ensures ongoing relevance. Given the moderate market demand, this price captures the value of the product effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. While the Model Performance Improvement is notable, the low data life and history introduce some uncertainty regarding the product's longevity. Therefore, a more cautious approach is warranted in my offer.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700.0. This price reflects the strong value of the data product while also addressing my concerns about data longevity. I believe this offer strikes a fair balance between quality and sustainability.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600.0. This price acknowledges the value of the data product while also taking into account our previous discussions about data longevity. I believe this offer is reasonable and positions us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects the quality and longevity of the data product while acknowledging the buyer's interest. I believe this is a fair compromise that can lead us closer to a successful agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the quality and longevity of the data product while still remaining competitive. It reflects my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1625. The data product is of high quality and has significant long-term potential, which justifies a slight increase in my price while remaining competitive.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects the strong quality and potential of the data product while remaining competitive in our negotiations. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the product without exceeding my budget.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1610. This price reflects the high quality and longevity of the data product while still being competitive in our ongoing negotiations.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1605. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the quality and longevity of the data product while also being competitive in our ongoing negotiations. Let's move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.