Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The model shows a solid performance improvement (MPI of 0.25), indicating it can enhance existing workflows or applications significantly. The capacity is sufficient and the data life is long, suggesting that the product can be utilized over an extended period. However, the low data entropy indicates it may not be suitable for highly dynamic datasets. The NULL values for history and market limit the ability to assess past performance and demand fully, leading to a moderate price estimation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be appealing to potential users. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle the necessary workload. Low data entropy implies that the data is well-structured and reliable, enhancing its usability. A long data life adds value as it indicates longevity and relevance over time. However, the market score of 0.3 indicates limited demand. Overall, while some traits are promising, the NULL history and moderate market score limit the product\'s valuation potential.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:8125.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 8500. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the model performance improvement of 0.25, as well as the reliability and longevity of the data product. I believe this value captures the quality and potential of the product effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 8000. While I appreciate the seller's offer of 8500, I believe that my offer reflects a more accurate valuation considering the data product's characteristics and limitations. The low data entropy and NULL values for history and market suggest that the potential might not be fully realized, which justifies a lower starting point.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 8400. The enhanced performance and quality of the product justify a slight decrease in price, allowing us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement while still reflecting the value it delivers.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 8200. The product's limitations still warrant a more conservative price, and while I recognize the seller's point about quality, I believe my offer better reflects the current market conditions and the product's overall value.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 8300. I believe this price reflects the quality and performance of the product while also considering the buyer's previous concerns about its limitations. It¡¯s a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 8200. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's perspective on quality and performance while also considering the product's limitations that I previously mentioned. This is a reasonable offer that reflects both parties¡¯ interests.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 8250. This price reflects the balance between the product's enhanced performance and the concerns raised regarding its limitations, allowing us to move closer to an agreement while still valuing the quality I bring to the table.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 8200. I believe this price appropriately reflects the ongoing concerns about the product's limitations while still recognizing the quality and enhanced performance the seller provides. It's a fair compromise that keeps us moving toward a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 8250. This price reflects the enhanced performance and quality of the product while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about its limitations. I believe this is a fair compromise that can lead us to a successful agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 8200. This price maintains a balanced perspective, taking into account the seller's recognition of the product's enhanced performance while still addressing the concerns regarding its limitations. I believe this price is a fair compromise that reflects the current market dynamics and can pave the way for a successful agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 8250. The product's enhanced performance and quality justify this price, while still being competitive based on our previous discussions.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 8200. The product's limitations still warrant a more conservative price, while also recognizing the improvements in performance and quality. This price reflects a fair compromise between both parties' perspectives as we continue our discussions.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 8200. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's enhanced performance while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about its limitations. I believe this is a fair and competitive offer that aligns with current market conditions.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 8100. I believe this price represents a fair compromise, recognizing the product's enhanced performance while still considering its limitations. It's a reasonable step towards a mutually beneficial agreement, and I hope we can find common ground.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 8150. This price reflects a fair balance considering the product's enhanced performance while still acknowledging the limitations highlighted in our discussions.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 8100. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, acknowledging the improvements in the product while considering the limitations we've discussed. It's a reasonable compromise that reflects our previous negotiations.