Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': "The model performance improvement of 0.25 indicates a significant enhancement, and the low data entropy suggests that the data is reliable and of high quality. A long data life implies that the product is sustainable and can be utilized for an extended period. However, the lack of historical data might limit the confidence in the product's long-term effectiveness. The market demand of 0.3 indicates moderate interest, which can contribute positively to its value.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which suggests it can enhance performance notably. The capacity is sufficient, and the data entropy is low, indicating high quality and consistency of the data. Additionally, the long data life implies that the data product can remain relevant and useful over an extended period. However, the market rating is relatively low at 0.3, which may limit demand and pricing potential. Overall, these factors combine to create a solid value, but the NULL history trait introduces some uncertainty.', 'confidence': 'moderate'}
Deal Price:5225.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, indicating notable enhancements in performance, combined with the high quality and consistency of the data. Given the extended relevance due to long data life, I believe this price accurately captures the value of the product despite the low market rating.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 5000. The seller's offer of 6000 seems high considering the moderate market demand and the potential limitations due to the lack of historical data. My offer reflects my willingness to negotiate while also recognizing the value of the data product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the improvements in model performance and the quality of data, while still acknowledging the market's current demand levels.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance, acknowledging the seller's improvements in model performance and data quality while still reflecting my budget constraints.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the value of the significant improvements in model performance and data quality while considering the moderate market demand. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the enhancements and the budgetary constraints.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects a reasonable balance between the improvements in model performance and data quality while still aligning with my budgetary constraints. It's a fair offer that acknowledges the enhancements without exceeding my limits.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects the improvements in model performance and data quality while also considering market demand. It's a fair balance that acknowledges the value of the product without straying too far from reasonable expectations.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price is a fair compromise that reflects the value of the product while also considering my budget constraints. It acknowledges the improvements in model performance and data quality without straying too far from my previous offers.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the value of the improvements in model performance and data quality, while also taking into account the current market demand. I believe this is a fair and reasonable offer that meets both our interests.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the improvements in model performance and data quality while still respecting my budget constraints. Let's move forward together.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the improvements in model performance and data quality while still acknowledging the market demand and your budget constraints. I believe this is a fair and competitive offer for both parties.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price acknowledges the improvements in model performance and data quality while still being within my budget constraints. It's a fair offer that aligns with the market demand and the previous discussions we've had.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5400. This price reflects the ongoing enhancements in model performance and data quality that I acknowledge, while also taking into account the previous rounds of negotiation and the current market conditions. It¡¯s a fair compromise that respects both our positions.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5300. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my valuation of the model's performance improvements and data quality. It¡¯s a step towards closing the gap while being mindful of my budget constraints.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5400. This reflects a balanced assessment of the improvements in model performance and data quality while considering the current market demand and the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the improvements in model performance and data quality while also acknowledging the seller's perspective on market demand and budget constraints.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5300. This price reflects the ongoing negotiations and considers the buyer¡¯s previous offer, while still recognizing the improvements in model performance and data quality. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' perspectives.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5200. I believe this price fairly reflects the improvements in model performance and data quality while also being mindful of my budget constraints. It's a reasonable step closer to an agreement, and I hope it acknowledges the value of the product while still respecting the negotiation dynamics.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5250. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, taking into account the adjustments in market demand and the improvements in the model's performance while still being mindful of your budget constraints. Let's aim to conclude this deal.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5200. This price considers the seller's latest offer while still reflecting my budget constraints. It's a reasonable compromise given the ongoing negotiations and the improvements in model performance. Let's finalize this deal.