Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity, which indicates it can handle a reasonable amount of data processing. However, the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, Data Life, History, and Market limits the assessment. Given the uncertainty but recognizing potential value in a data product with capacity, a moderate price is justified.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating that it can enhance existing models effectively. The low data entropy suggests high data quality, which is valuable for analytical tasks. Additionally, a long data life indicates that the data can be used for extended periods, increasing its utility. However, the market demand is moderate at 0.4, which may limit the upper price potential. The absence of historical data does create some uncertainty, but overall, the strengths of the product outweigh the weaknesses.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:10825.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the exceptional value of the data product, which demonstrates a moderate model performance improvement of 0.25 and high data quality due to low data entropy. Its long data life further enhances its utility, making it a highly desirable asset in the current market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. Given the uncertainties regarding the model performance improvement and other metrics, a moderate price is justified. The seller's initial offer seems significantly inflated relative to the perceived value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 12000. The exceptional quality and potential of this data product justifies a more reasonable price than what was previously offered, reflecting its true value while remaining competitive in the market.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 11500. I believe this price better reflects the quality and potential of the data product while still being competitive. It's a strategic move to find common ground as we progress in our negotiations.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 11500. I believe this price represents a fair compromise, reflecting the exceptional quality of the data product while remaining competitive in the market.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 11000. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the exceptional quality of the data product and ensuring a competitive deal for both parties.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 11500. I believe this price reflects the exceptional quality of the data product while also remaining competitive in the current market. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the value I bring to the table.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 11000. I believe this price is a reasonable reflection of the data product's quality while still being competitive in the current market. It's a solid offer that shows I value the product but also need to remain strategic in my purchasing decisions.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 11000. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the exceptional value of the data product while remaining competitive in the current market.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 10900. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise given the exceptional quality of the data product while still respecting the seller's perspective on market competitiveness.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 10950. I believe this price strikes a balance between the exceptional quality of the data product and the buyer's previous offer, while still reflecting its true value.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 10900. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the exceptional quality of the data product and the seller's recent offer, while still allowing us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 10950. This price reflects the exceptional value of the data product while maintaining a competitive edge in our negotiations. I believe it aligns well with your last offer, positioning us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 10850. I believe this price reflects a fair value for the data product while still acknowledging the quality that has been consistently discussed in our negotiations. It positions us closer to a deal while also allowing me to stay within a reasonable range.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 10900. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the product's exceptional quality and the buyer's previous offers, allowing us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 10800. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while still acknowledging the seller's position. It creates a pathway towards a mutually beneficial agreement, considering our ongoing discussions and the quality of the data product.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 10850. This price reflects the quality and value of the data product while remaining competitive in our negotiations. Let's move closer to a deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 10800. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the quality of the data product while also considering our previous offers. Let's move forward towards a mutually beneficial agreement.