Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity and a long data life, which suggests it can support ongoing use and value over time. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement, data entropy, and market details limits the overall value. The expected price reflects a moderate valuation based on its positive traits while acknowledging the uncertainty introduced by the NULL values.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can enhance predictive capabilities. Additionally, it has a long data life and low data entropy, suggesting high reliability and stability. Although the market value is relatively moderate at 0.4, these positive traits suggest a solid value proposition.', 'confidence': 'high'}
Deal Price:13850.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant model performance improvement of 0.25, which enhances predictive capabilities, combined with the product's long data life and low data entropy, indicating high reliability and stability. These outstanding features provide a strong value proposition that justifies my asking price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. While I recognize the seller's claims about the product's model performance improvement and reliability, the high asking price does not align with my assessment of the overall value, given the uncertainties around model performance, data entropy, and market details. I'm looking for a more reasonable starting point that reflects these considerations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between the significant value of the data product and the buyer's concerns about uncertainties. This amount acknowledges the improvements in performance while still being a reasonable step from my initial asking price.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14500. I believe this price is a balanced approach that acknowledges the seller's efforts to find a middle ground while still aligning with my assessment of the data product's value and the associated risks.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14000. This price reflects a reasonable compromise, taking into account the buyer's previous offer of 14500, while also acknowledging the value of the data product amidst the ongoing negotiations.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 13900. I believe this price strikes a balance between both parties' perspectives, showing my willingness to negotiate while still recognizing the value of the data product. It's a slight concession from my previous offer, but it reflects my commitment to reaching an agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 13950. I believe this price reflects the ongoing negotiations while also considering the value of the data product and its potential to meet the buyer's needs.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 13850. I believe this price strikes a balance between our previous discussions and reflects my continued interest in acquiring the data product, while also considering the seller's position and the value it brings.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 13900. I believe this price reflects a fair balance considering the ongoing negotiations and the value of the data product, while still allowing room for further discussion.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 13800. I believe this price further narrows the gap between our valuations while remaining a strategic move in our negotiations. This offer reflects my commitment to finding a middle ground that acknowledges the value of the data product while also considering my budget constraints.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 13850. This reflects a slight adjustment while still maintaining value for the quality of the data product. I believe it's a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the buyer's past offers while ensuring I am comfortable with the terms of the deal.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 13800. I believe this price reflects the ongoing negotiations and the value of the data product while remaining within my budget constraints. It also shows my willingness to work together towards a mutually beneficial deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 13850. This reflects a fair assessment of the value of the data product while acknowledging the buyer's previous offer of 13800. I believe this price strikes a balance between our discussions and the inherent value of the data product.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 13800. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise given the seller's recent offer while still acknowledging my constraints. It demonstrates my commitment to reaching a fair agreement without exceeding my budget.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 13875. I believe this price represents a fair compromise, slightly above the buyer's previous offer of 13800, while still reflecting the value of the data product amidst ongoing negotiations. Let's move towards a resolution.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 13825. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's latest offer and my previous position, allowing us to inch closer to a resolution while still reflecting the value I see in the data product. Let's keep the momentum going.