Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity and low data entropy, which indicates it can handle data well while maintaining quality. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement, data life, and market conditions limits the overall assessment. Given the strengths and weaknesses, a moderate price is justified.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '8000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant improvement in model performance (MPI of 0.25), which indicates effectiveness and potential for generating value. The capacity is sufficient, and the low data entropy suggests that the data is consistent and reliable. Additionally, the long data life implies that the product can be utilized over a longer period, enhancing its overall value. However, the market value of 0.4 suggests moderate demand, which tempers the overall valuation. The absence of historical data limits the confidence in the valuation, yet the other traits provide a solid basis for a reasonable price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:7525.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 10000. This price reflects the significant improvement in model performance, consistent and reliable data, and the long data life that enhances overall value. I'm confident that this product will generate substantial returns for any buyer.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. The current price of 10000 is significantly above my budget and does not reflect the limitations in information regarding model performance improvement and market conditions. While I recognize the potential value of the product, I believe a price closer to 4000 is more reasonable given these uncertainties.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 8000. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between the high value of the model and the buyer's budget constraints. It maintains the integrity of the product while also considering the buyer's concerns about uncertainties.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 7500. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's value assessment and my budget considerations, while still reflecting my commitment to achieving a fair deal for both parties.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 7700. I believe this price strikes a balance between the value of the data product and the buyer's budget constraints, while also reflecting the improved model performance that justifies a higher price than their last counter.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 7600. I believe this price not only respects the seller's recent offer but also aligns with the value I perceive in the data product, while still keeping within a reasonable range for my budget. This reflects a willingness to negotiate while ensuring both parties feel satisfied with the deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 7650. I believe this reflects a fair compromise, considering both the value of the product and the buyer's previous offer. It¡¯s a reasonable step towards closing the deal while still recognizing the quality and performance of the model.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 7600. I believe this price maintains a balance, acknowledging the seller's recent offer while still aligning with my budget constraints. This approach shows my continued interest in reaching a fair and mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 7625. This price reflects a strong balance between the value of the product and the budgetary constraints expressed by you in our previous discussions. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' interests.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 7600. I believe this price maintains the balance between acknowledging the seller's valuation while still respecting my budget constraints. It's a fair offer that reflects my continued interest in reaching a satisfactory agreement for both parties.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 7650. This price reflects a fair compromise, considering the value of the product and the buyer's previous offers. It demonstrates my willingness to negotiate while still recognizing the quality and performance benefits of the product.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 7550. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between my budget constraints and the value of the product. It shows my willingness to negotiate while still considering the quality and performance benefits of what¡¯s on the table.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 7600. I believe this price reflects the value of the product while also considering the ongoing negotiations. It balances the buyer's budget constraints and acknowledges the quality and performance of the model. Let's find a common ground to move forward.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 7500. I believe this price strikes a fair compromise between the seller's valuation and my budget constraints. It acknowledges the quality of the product while also being mindful of the ongoing negotiations. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 7550. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between the product's inherent value and the budgetary constraints you've indicated. Let's move closer to a deal that satisfies both parties.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 7500. I believe this price is a fair compromise that respects both the value of the product and my budget constraints. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.