Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has a low data entropy, indicating that it likely provides reliable and consistent outputs, which is valuable in the market. However, the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement, Data Life, and History introduces uncertainty, impacting confidence in the valuation. The market factor of 0.4 suggests moderate demand, which supports a reasonable price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.25 indicates a significant capability to enhance existing systems, making it attractive to potential buyers. The low data entropy suggests that the data is well-structured and reliable, which adds value. Additionally, a long data life indicates sustainability and ongoing usability. However, the market score of 0.4 suggests moderate demand, which can temper the overall valuation. Overall, the combination of these positive traits leads to a reasonable expected price.', 'confidence': 'high'}
Deal Price:1275.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This data product boasts a remarkable model performance improvement of 0.25, indicating its exceptional capability to enhance existing systems. Coupled with its well-structured and reliable nature due to low data entropy, as well as its long data life ensuring sustainability, this offering is truly valuable in the current market landscape.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. While the seller highlights the data product's exceptional model performance improvement and sustainability, my valuation considers the uncertainties around data life and history, along with a moderate market factor. Therefore, I believe my offer reflects a fair starting point in this negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1500. I believe this price reflects a more balanced valuation of the data product, taking into account its potential and the moderate market conditions. This allows us to move forward while acknowledging the buyer¡¯s interest.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1400. This price reflects my continued recognition of the potential value of the data product while also considering the seller's perspective and the current market conditions. I'm eager to find a mutually beneficial agreement that acknowledges the worth of the product while remaining realistic.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1450. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's potential and market conditions while also accounting for the uncertainties we've discussed. Let's find a fair compromise that respects the value of the data product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1400. I believe this price acknowledges the value of the data product while still being reasonable given the seller's perspective on market conditions and uncertainties. Let's move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1450. This price reflects the value of the data product while also acknowledging the buyer's willingness to negotiate. It represents a fair compromise considering our previous discussions and the product's potential in the market.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1400. I believe this price reflects a reasonable assessment of the data product's value while considering our previous negotiations. It maintains a competitive stance in the market and acknowledges the potential benefits of the product.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1450. This price reflects the value of the data product while considering the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's perspective on market competitiveness. I believe it is a fair compromise given the previous discussions.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1350. This price reflects my continued commitment to negotiating a fair deal while considering the value of the data product and the market conditions we've discussed. I believe this offer is competitive and represents a reasonable step towards reaching an agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1400. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing discussions and the market dynamics we've been analyzing.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1300. I believe this price reflects a reasonable step towards an agreement, considering our negotiations and the market dynamics at play. It shows my willingness to meet the seller halfway while still respecting the value of the data product.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1350. This price reflects a realistic appreciation of the product's value while considering the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's previous offers. It represents a fair compromise that acknowledges the buyer's perspective and moves us towards a potential agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1250. This price reflects my continued commitment to finding a fair compromise while still recognizing the product's value and the market dynamics involved. It allows us to move closer to an agreement without straying too far from my previous offers.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1300. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's value and the ongoing negotiations. I'm looking to find common ground that acknowledges both parties' perspectives while moving towards a final agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1250. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the value of the product. It's a step towards finalizing our agreement while acknowledging both parties' interests.