Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 suggests a moderate enhancement to existing models, which could be appealing to users looking for incremental gains. However, the lack of additional data such as Data Entropy, Data Life, and Market limits the assessment of overall product value, as these traits typically indicate the product's robustness and relevance in the market. Given the uncertainty, a conservative estimate is appropriate.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating a decent capability to enhance performance. The low data entropy suggests that the data is structured and reliable, while a long data life implies that it remains relevant over time. The market demand of 0.4 indicates a moderate interest in this type of product. However, the NULL history trait presents some uncertainty regarding past performance or user feedback, which slightly lowers the confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:16560.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the strong Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, indicating a solid capability to enhance performance, along with the reliable and structured nature of the data. The long data life further adds to its value, ensuring relevance over time.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2000. Given the uncertainty surrounding the data's overall robustness and the lack of additional valuable metrics, I believe a conservative approach is warranted. The offered price of 18000 is significantly higher than what I consider reasonable based on the available information.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 17000. The value of the data product is substantial given its strong model performance and reliability, but I am willing to negotiate closer to a more reasonable middle ground.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 16000. The data product holds significant potential due to its model performance, but I believe a more conservative approach is warranted to reach a fair agreement. Let's find a middle ground that reflects both the value and my concerns.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 16500. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the value of the data product and the concerns previously raised regarding its robustness. It acknowledges the buyer's willingness to negotiate while still maintaining a strong valuation on my end.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 16400. I believe this reflects my appreciation for the seller's position while still addressing my concerns over data robustness. This price demonstrates my commitment to reaching a fair agreement that respects the value of the data product.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 16550. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while considering the concerns raised about robustness. It also shows my willingness to negotiate and find common ground as we move forward in this discussion.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 16500. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's concerns while still reflecting the strong value of the data product. It's a fair compromise that allows us to move forward in our negotiations.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 16575. This reflects a slight increase while still valuing the data product appropriately, considering the previous negotiations and the buyer's perspective on its performance. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes both the quality of the data and the concerns that have been raised.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 16500. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while also considering the seller's position and the ongoing negotiations. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the quality of the data while still addressing my concerns about its robustness.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 16580. The data product has shown consistent value, and I believe this slight increase reflects its quality while addressing the buyer's concerns. Let's move forward with a more favorable agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 16500. I believe this price maintains our previous negotiation stance, reflecting the consistent value of the data product while still being mindful of my budget constraints. Let's work together to reach a favorable agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 16590. This slight increase reflects my continued belief in the data product's consistent value while acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints. I'm aiming for a fair deal that recognizes both the quality of the product and the buyer's position.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 16550. I believe this price maintains a fair value for the data product while still addressing my budget constraints. It's a reasonable compromise that reflects both my appreciation for the product's quality and my current limitations.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 16580. The data product continues to demonstrate consistent value, and this price reflects both the quality of the data and my willingness to negotiate while addressing concerns about robustness.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 16540. The consistent quality of the data product is acknowledged, but I believe there is still room for negotiation. This price reflects my appreciation for the product while also considering budget constraints and the need for a fair compromise.