Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates a moderate increase in effectiveness. Additionally, the market trait of 0.4 suggests there is some demand for this type of product. However, the lack of data entropy, data life, and history traits diminishes my confidence in the overall valuation. Given these factors, I estimate a price that reflects both the potential and the uncertainty.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant model performance improvement of 0.25, which indicates it has the potential to enhance decision-making or operational efficiency significantly. The capacity is sufficient, and the data entropy being low suggests that the data is reliable and easy to analyze. Additionally, a long data life implies that the product can be valuable over time. However, the lack of historical data limits the ability to fully assess its effectiveness in practical applications. The market score of 0.4 suggests moderate demand, which further supports a reasonable valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:14025.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant performance improvement of the data product, which has the potential to greatly enhance decision-making and operational efficiency. The reliability and long data life further support its value, making this an excellent investment.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. Given the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the uncertainties around data life and reliability, I believe this price reflects the potential without overcommitting to the investment.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. The data product has shown significant potential and I believe this price reflects its true value while still considering the buyer's previous offer. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges the product's performance improvements.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14900. This price reflects the recognition of the product's potential, while still allowing room for negotiation. I believe this is a fair offer that acknowledges the improvements and performance enhancements we've discussed. Let's move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects the product's potential while also considering the buyer's previous offer of 14900, which shows they recognize its value. I'm confident this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both sides.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price is a reasonable step down from my previous offer while still reflecting the value I see in the product. It acknowledges the seller's perspective and keeps the negotiation moving forward.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14300. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise that considers both the value of the data product and the buyer's recent offer, while still maintaining a fair margin for my expectations.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14200. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's expectations and my valuation of the data product, while still moving towards a fair agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14250. This price reflects a continued willingness to negotiate while recognizing the buyer's perspective on value. I believe this is a reasonable step that acknowledges the enhancements and performance improvements of the product.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14200. I believe this price continues to reflect my understanding of the product's value while also acknowledging the seller¡¯s recent offer. It keeps the negotiation moving forward and demonstrates my commitment to finding a fair compromise.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14250. The previous negotiations have shown a willingness to compromise, and I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while still being approachable for the buyer.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14150. This price reflects my continued commitment to finding a fair compromise while recognizing the value of the data product. I believe it strikes a balance between both parties' expectations and maintains momentum in our negotiations.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14100. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, acknowledging the previous negotiations while still reflecting the value of the data product.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I believe this price represents a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's valuation while also reflecting my own assessment of the product's worth.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14050. This price reflects a balanced approach, acknowledging the buyer's previous offer while still valuing the data product's potential and features. I believe this price can facilitate a constructive negotiation moving forward.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I believe this price reflects a reasonable assessment of the data product's value while still showing my willingness to negotiate. This offer keeps us within a close range of the seller's price, fostering a collaborative atmosphere for further discussions.