Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.25 indicates a significant enhancement in performance, which can be very valuable for businesses looking to optimize their operations. The long data life suggests that the product can be useful for an extended period, providing ongoing value. However, the lack of information regarding data entropy, history, and market limits the confidence in the valuation; thus, the price reflects the potential rather than a guaranteed demand.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The product has a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating a good potential for enhancing outcomes. The capacity is sufficient, and the low data entropy suggests a stable and reliable dataset. Additionally, the long data life implies that the data will remain relevant for some time. However, the NULL history means there is a lack of past performance data, which slightly dampens confidence. The market factor of 0.4 suggests moderate demand, further supporting a reasonable valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:7660.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 8000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, the stable nature of the dataset indicated by low data entropy, and its long data life, which ensures relevance over time. The moderate demand in the market supports this valuation, making it a compelling investment for potential buyers.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 7500. While I appreciate the insights regarding the model performance improvement and the dataset's stability, I believe that the price should reflect the uncertainties surrounding data entropy and market demand. My offer considers these factors while still recognizing the product's potential value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 7900. This price reflects the significant value of the dataset, considering the improvements in model performance and the stability it offers, while also being mindful of the buyer's concerns regarding market demand.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 7700. This price considers the seller's recent offer while still addressing my concerns about market demand and data entropy. It represents a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the dataset without overshooting my budget.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 7800. I believe this price better reflects the high quality and stability of the dataset while still considering the buyer's budgetary constraints.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 7700. I believe this price represents a fair balance between the quality of the dataset and my budgetary constraints, while also showing my continued interest in reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 7750. This price reflects the high quality and stability of the dataset, while also being a reasonable compromise considering the buyer's last offer of 7700. I believe this new price can encourage a closer agreement as we move forward.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 7700. I believe this price reflects the dataset's quality while staying within my budget constraints. I'm looking for a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the data without overstretching my limits.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 7725. The dataset's quality and stability continue to justify a higher price, but I'm willing to make a slight adjustment to facilitate progress towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 7700. I believe this price reflects the ongoing value of the dataset while still being within a reasonable distance from your latest offer. This helps us move closer to a final agreement while considering both parties' interests.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 7700. The dataset has consistently shown its high quality and stability, and I believe this price reflects a fair balance between its value and the budget constraints we both have. Let's move towards a successful agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 7650. The dataset's quality and stability are indeed commendable, but I see room for a slightly lower price that still respects its value while allowing me to stay within my budget constraints. Let's find a mutually beneficial agreement!
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 7700. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the dataset's quality and stability while still acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints. Let's reach an agreement that works for both of us.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 7650. I believe this price acknowledges the quality of the dataset while still being considerate of the budgetary constraints we have discussed in previous rounds. Let's move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 7670. This price reflects a slight adjustment acknowledging the buyer's consistent offers while still emphasizing the dataset's quality and value. I'm looking for a resolution that benefits both parties.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 7650. This price reflects my continued recognition of the dataset's quality while also considering my budget constraints. I'm optimistic that this offer can facilitate a swift agreement that is beneficial for both parties.