Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a significant enhancement in model accuracy or efficiency, which can lead to better business outcomes. However, the lack of data on capacity, data life, history, and market limits the ability to fully assess the product's potential and applicability in the market. Given the low data entropy, the data is likely reliable, but the uncertainty surrounding the NULL traits reduces the overall confidence in the valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it has the potential to enhance existing systems. Additionally, the low data entropy suggests that the data is of high quality and reliable, which is attractive to potential buyers. The long data life further enhances its value, as it indicates sustainability and relevance over time. The market value of 0.4 implies a moderate demand. Overall, these factors suggest a solid valuation.', 'confidence': 'high'}
Deal Price:17175.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant model performance improvement of 0.25, the high quality indicated by low data entropy, and the sustainability of the long data life. These factors collectively enhance the value of the data product in a competitive market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 14000. While the model performance improvement of 0.25 and low data entropy indicate potential value, the uncertainties surrounding data capacity and history lead me to a more cautious valuation. My offer reflects a balance of these factors while still aiming for a fair deal.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 17500. I believe this price reflects the significant model performance improvement and the low data entropy while also addressing the buyer's concerns about uncertainties in data capacity and history. This is a fair compromise that highlights the value of the data product.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 17000. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's emphasis on the model's performance improvements and my concerns regarding data uncertainties. It reflects my commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement while remaining cautious about the investment.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 17200. This price reflects the continued value of the data product, considering its significant model performance improvement and low data entropy, while also being mindful of the buyer's concerns about data capacity and history. I believe this price strikes a fair balance and opens the door for a productive agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 17100. I believe this price demonstrates a reasonable compromise between the seller's valuation and my concerns about data capacity and history. It acknowledges the product's value while still being mindful of my budget constraints. Let's move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 17250. The value of the data product remains strong due to its exceptional performance and low data entropy, and I believe this price reflects its worth while still being competitive.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 17150. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value given the strong performance and low data entropy, while still acknowledging your offer. Let's work towards an agreement that meets both our needs.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 17200. This price reflects the exceptional model performance and low data entropy we continue to deliver, ensuring you receive significant value for your investment.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 17150. I believe this price reflects a balanced understanding of the product's value and the exceptional model performance, while still aligning with my budget constraints. Let's find common ground here.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 17200. The product's exceptional model performance and low data entropy justify this price, reflecting its true value while still being competitive in the market.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 17150. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's exceptional model performance and my budget considerations, allowing us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 17250. This price reflects the exceptional model performance and low data entropy that make this product a valuable investment, while also being competitive enough to encourage a swift agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 17100. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the ongoing discussions about model performance and data entropy while still aligning with my budget constraints. Let's continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 17250. The product's outstanding model performance and low data entropy make it a valuable investment, and I believe this price reflects both quality and market competitiveness.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 17150. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between quality and budget considerations, reflecting the product's outstanding model performance while allowing for a reasonable investment.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 17200. This price reflects the exceptional value of the product, considering its robust model performance and low data entropy. It strikes a balance between quality and budget, and I believe it is a fair compromise as we approach the final rounds of negotiation.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 17150. I believe this price reflects a strong commitment to securing a deal while acknowledging the value of the product's robust performance and low data entropy. It¡¯s a fair compromise that aligns with my budget considerations as we move towards the conclusion of our negotiations.