Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a decent enhancement in performance, which can be attractive in markets focused on efficiency and effectiveness. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle the required workload, while low data entropy implies that the data is relatively clean and reliable. However, the NULL values for Data Life and History introduce uncertainty about the product\'s long-term viability and past performance. Given the market value of 0.4, which suggests moderate demand, the expected price reflects these factors.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The product demonstrates a notable Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can enhance performance significantly, which can be appealing in competitive markets. The low data entropy suggests the data is reliable and well-structured, while a long data life indicates its relevance over time, making it valuable for long-term projects. However, the 'NULL' history trait creates some uncertainty about its past performance and user feedback. Considering a moderate market demand of 0.4, the product is reasonably priced at 5000.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:5275.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the exceptional Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 the product provides, which can significantly enhance performance in competitive markets. The low data entropy and long data life further emphasize the product's reliability and long-term value. I believe this investment will yield substantial returns.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 5000. While the Model Performance Improvement is indeed promising, the uncertainties introduced by the NULL values for Data Life and History make me cautious about the long-term viability of the product. Therefore, I believe a price of 5000 reflects a more balanced assessment of the product's value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the exceptional value of the data product, while still addressing the concerns I have about its data life and history. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the product's performance and reliability.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5400. This price demonstrates my willingness to negotiate while still reflecting the quality and value of the data product. It takes into account the seller's concerns regarding data life and history, but I believe it's a reasonable step towards finalizing this deal.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects the exceptional quality and reliability of the product while also considering the buyer's previous offer. Let's move forward with this negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price maintains a fair balance between the exceptional quality of the product and my previous offers, while also showing my willingness to negotiate. Let's reach an agreement that works for both of us.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the exceptional quality and reliability of the data product, which I believe provides great value in the current market.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the quality of the data product and my budget constraints, ensuring we both find value in this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects the exceptional quality and reliability of the data product while still considering the buyer's budget. Let's find a way to reach an agreement that benefits us both.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I recognize the seller's position and the quality of the product, but I believe that my offer still reflects a fair valuation while taking into account my budget constraints. Let's work together to finalize this deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5450. This price reflects the exceptional quality and reliability of the data product while also showing my willingness to reach a fair compromise. I believe this amount strikes a balance between our previous offers and acknowledges the value you're seeking.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price continues to reflect the exceptional quality and reliability of the data product while remaining within a reasonable range for both of us. It's a fair compromise that aligns with our previous discussions, and I'm confident it acknowledges the value of the product. Let's aim to finalize this deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5450. This price reflects the product's exceptional quality and reliability while also considering the buyer's budget. I'm aiming for a fair agreement that values both parties' interests in this negotiation.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5350. The product's exceptional quality and reliability still warrant a competitive price, and I am looking to finalize this deal promptly while remaining within a reasonable budget.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5400. This price reflects my commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement while also valuing the exceptional quality and reliability of the data product. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, reflecting the quality and reliability of the data product while also considering my budget constraints. Let¡¯s move closer to finalizing this deal.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5350. This reflects a balanced approach considering the ongoing negotiations, while still emphasizing the outstanding quality and reliability of the data product. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5250. This price reflects my strong commitment to securing a fair deal while acknowledging the quality of the data product. I believe this offer aligns closely with our ongoing negotiations and brings us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement. Let's finalize this!
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5300. I believe this price reflects the quality and reliability of the data product while also acknowledging the buyer's previous offer. It's a fair compromise that should lead us to a successful agreement.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5250. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the seller's recent offer and also acknowledges the ongoing negotiations. It demonstrates my commitment to concluding this deal while valuing the quality and reliability of the data product.