Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can enhance performance effectively. The low data entropy suggests it is reliable and manageable, while a long data life implies sustained usability. However, the NULL history and market traits introduce some uncertainty about its adoption and potential reach. Nonetheless, the positive aspects are strong enough to support a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '8000', 'reason': "The product demonstrates a significant model performance improvement (MPI of 0.25) and has a long data life with low data entropy, which suggests it is reliable and valuable for long-term use. The market demand is moderate (0.4), indicating there is a potential audience for the product. However, the absence of a historical data point ('NULL' in history) reduces the overall confidence in the product's long-term performance and adoption.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:9525.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 10000. This price reflects the significant model performance improvement and the long data life with low data entropy, indicating its reliability and value for long-term use. Given the moderate market demand, I believe this is a justifiable starting point.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 9500. While I recognize the product's potential, I believe a lower price reflects the uncertainties surrounding its adoption and market traits. This allows for a more balanced evaluation of its value in light of those risks.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 9700. This price reflects my confidence in the product's potential while acknowledging the concerns about market adoption and performance. I believe this is a fair compromise that highlights the value of the data product.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 9600. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's confidence in the product while still addressing my concerns about market adoption. I believe this is a reasonable step forward as we work towards finding common ground on the value of this data product.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 9650. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's value while addressing the market's uncertainties. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both our positions.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 9600. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the product's value while still considering the uncertainties in the market. It allows us to move towards a mutually beneficial agreement without straying too far from our previous discussions.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 9650. This price reflects a balanced approach given the buyer's last offer and the ongoing discussions about the product's value and market conditions. I believe this offer acknowledges the buyer's perspective while still recognizing the product's worth.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 9600. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while also acknowledging the seller's offer. It keeps us within a reasonable range and shows my willingness to reach a mutually beneficial agreement. Let's continue working towards a resolution that satisfies both parties.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 9650. I believe this price reflects the product's value while accommodating the buyer's concerns about market uncertainties. This is a fair compromise that could lead us towards a successful agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 9600. I believe this price is a balanced reflection of the product's value while addressing the market uncertainties we both recognize. It's a reasonable offer that allows us to move closer to a successful agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 9650. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the product's value and the market conditions we've discussed. It reflects the performance improvements while acknowledging the uncertainties we've encountered. Let's move forward.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 9600. I believe this price continues to reflect a fair compromise considering the product's value and the uncertainties we have been discussing. It's a reasonable step towards finalizing our agreement, and I am confident it satisfies both parties¡¯ interests.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 9650. I believe this price fairly reflects the product's value while acknowledging the market conditions we've discussed. It allows us to move towards a resolution that benefits both parties, especially considering the buyer's consistent offers.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 9600. This price reflects my continued commitment to valuing the product while considering the market conditions we've discussed. It allows us to remain close to an agreement that benefits both parties, and I believe it acknowledges the seller's perspective on the product's value. Let's move towards a resolution together.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 9650. I believe this price reflects the ongoing discussions we've had and recognizes the product's value while also considering the market uncertainties we both acknowledge. Let's move towards a resolution.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 9550. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the product's demonstrated value while still accounting for the market uncertainties we've discussed. It's a step closer to a resolution that benefits both parties.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 9600. I believe this price reflects a solid compromise, acknowledging the product's value while also considering the market conditions we've discussed. It's a reasonable step towards finalizing our deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 9500. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, recognizing the product's value while also being mindful of the ongoing market conditions we've discussed. It's a reasonable step towards achieving a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 9550. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the product's value and the ongoing market uncertainties we¡¯ve discussed. It represents a reasonable compromise that could lead us towards a successful agreement.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 9500. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the ongoing negotiations and acknowledges the product's value while considering the market uncertainties we've discussed. This offer aims for a successful resolution that benefits both parties.