Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity and a long data life, which are positive traits. However, the NULL traits indicate a lack of vital information regarding model performance and historical data, which could significantly affect its perceived value. The market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand, limiting the price potential.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product has a notable Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates it can enhance performance significantly. The capacity is sufficient, and low data entropy suggests the data is stable and reliable. A long data life indicates that it can be valuable over time. The market rating of 0.5 suggests a moderate demand, which balances out the overall valuation positively.', 'confidence': 'high'}
Deal Price:2525.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating a remarkable enhancement in performance. Additionally, the data's reliability, stability, and long lifespan contribute to its high value in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2500. While I acknowledge the seller's claims regarding the model performance improvement and data reliability, the MPI of 0.25 and the moderate market score suggest limitations in overall demand and value. Therefore, my offer reflects a more realistic assessment of the current market conditions.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 3000. This price reflects the need to find a middle ground between the significant value of the data and the current market demand, which has shown to be moderate. Let's aim for a fair deal that recognizes the quality while being realistic about the market conditions.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2900. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's need for a middle ground while also considering the limited market demand. It's a reasonable compromise that still reflects the quality of the data. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 3000. I believe this price reflects a fair value for the data, considering its quality and the current market dynamics.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2800. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance, acknowledging the seller's perspective while remaining mindful of the limited demand in the market. This offer reflects my continued commitment to reaching a fair agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2850. The data quality is decent, but given the ongoing limited demand and the MPI, I believe this is a fair price that reflects the current market conditions.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2700. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the data quality and the current limited demand. It positions us closer to a fair agreement while still recognizing the market dynamics at play. Let's work towards a deal that satisfies both parties.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2750. This price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the data quality and the current market dynamics, while also acknowledging the buyer's last offer of 2850. I believe this adjustment offers a fair opportunity for both parties to move forward.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2650. This price reflects my continued assessment of the data's quality and current market conditions, while still aiming for a fair compromise that allows us to make progress in this negotiation.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2700. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the data's quality and the current market dynamics, considering the limited demand we've observed. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2600. I believe this price reflects a reasonable assessment of the data's quality while acknowledging the limited demand in the current market. Let's find common ground and move forward to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2650. I believe this price reflects the data quality while acknowledging the limited demand we've discussed in previous rounds. It's a fair compromise that keeps us moving towards an agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2550. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the seller's need to acknowledge data quality and limited demand while still reflecting my commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement. Let's keep the momentum going towards a deal.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2600. I believe this reflects a fair evaluation of the data's quality while acknowledging the ongoing limited demand in the market. Let's aim for a reasonable compromise that benefits both sides.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2500. I believe this price fairly reflects the data's quality while considering the limited demand in the market. It's a reasonable step towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 2550. This price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the limited market demand and the data quality. It maintains a fair assessment of the situation while allowing us to move closer to an agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 2500. This price aligns with my previous evaluations and reflects a fair assessment of the data's quality amid the current market conditions. It also positions us closer to finalizing this deal.