Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The product has a low data entropy, indicating that the data is well-structured and potentially valuable for analysis. However, the absence of key traits like Model Performance Improvement and Market diminishes the overall confidence in the product's utility and demand. The expected price reflects a moderate valuation based on the available traits.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product demonstrates a solid Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates a reasonable capability for enhancing performance. Additionally, the data has a long life and low entropy, suggesting it is stable and reliable for long-term use. The market demand of 0.5 presents a moderate interest level. However, the lack of historical data limits the confidence in its overall effectiveness and potential. Therefore, while the product has promising traits, the absence of certain data keeps the valuation conservative.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1670.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the solid Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 and the data's long life and low entropy, indicating its reliability for long-term use. The market demand of 0.5 shows there is notable interest, which supports a higher valuation despite the lack of historical data.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The seller's current offer of 1800 does not align with my valuation, as the overall confidence in the product's utility is medium due to the absence of key traits. While the data's low entropy and reliability are noted, I believe my offer reflects a more reasonable valuation considering the factors involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This reflects the value of the data product while considering the buyer's concerns about its utility. I believe this price is reasonable and fair given the reliability of the data.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the seller's reliability of the data product and my concerns regarding its utility and key traits. It's a step closer to a fair agreement while still respecting my valuation.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1680. This price reflects the reliability and utility of the data product, while also considering the buyer's concerns and previous valuations. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1660. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's reliable data product while still expressing my concerns regarding its overall value. It¡¯s a step towards a fair compromise that acknowledges the ongoing negotiation process.