Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The product has enough capacity and low data entropy, which indicates good data quality and usability. However, the NULL traits suggest that there are significant uncertainties regarding model performance improvement and data life, which can affect the product's overall value. The market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand, suggesting a cautious approach to pricing.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can enhance existing models effectively. The capacity is described as "enough," suggesting it can handle current demands, and the low data entropy implies high-quality, predictable data. The long data life indicates sustainability, which adds to its value. However, the market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand, and the absence of historical data might limit confidence in the product\'s proven track record. Overall, these factors contribute to a reasonable valuation, but the uncertainty surrounding the market conditions and lack of historical performance tempers my confidence.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 8000. This price reflects the significant model performance improvement of 0.25, the high-quality and predictable data indicated by low entropy, and the sustainability of the long data life. I believe this product has substantial value, especially considering its capacity to enhance existing models effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. While I acknowledge the seller's claims about model performance and data quality, the offered price of 8000 is far beyond my budget and expectations. Given the uncertainties regarding model performance improvement and data life, I believe a more reasonable price reflects the moderate demand and potential risks associated with the product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 6000. I believe this price reflects the high-quality data and significant model performance improvements while being more accessible for you. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges the value of this data.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5000. I believe this price strikes a balance between the value of the data and my budget constraints, while still acknowledging the quality you provide. Let's work toward a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the exceptional quality and robust performance of the data product, while also being mindful of the buyer's budget constraints. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the data while still being accessible.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the quality and value of the data product while remaining within my budget constraints. It's a reasonable step toward reaching an agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the high quality and performance of the data product while remaining competitive and fair, considering the buyer's previous offer of 5400. I'm confident that this figure represents a strong value for both parties.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price strikes a balance between the quality of the data product and my budget constraints. It reflects my appreciation for the product while remaining fair and competitive based on our previous discussions.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the high quality and performance of the data product while remaining reasonable within the current negotiation context.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price still reflects a fair appreciation of the product's quality while considering my budget constraints. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5450. This price reflects the exceptional quality and performance of the data while staying competitive in our ongoing negotiations. I believe it's a fair compromise that acknowledges the buyer's budget considerations.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5350. I believe this price effectively balances the high quality and performance of the data with my budget constraints. I'm confident this offer can move us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5400. This price reflects the exceptional quality and performance of the data product while also being closely aligned with your last offer. I believe it's a fair balance that acknowledges the value of the data while accommodating your budget constraints.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price strikes a fair balance considering the quality of the data while still being within my budget constraints. It reflects my willingness to negotiate while recognizing the value you place on your product.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5350. This price reflects the high quality and performance of the data product while remaining competitive within the buyer's budget. Let's find a fair agreement that recognizes the value of this exceptional data.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5250. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the quality of the data product and my budget constraints. I'm confident that this offer reflects my commitment to reaching a fair agreement. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial deal.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5250. This price reflects my willingness to negotiate while still valuing the high-quality data product and its performance. It positions us closer to an agreement while maintaining the integrity of the value being offered.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5150. This price reflects my commitment to moving closer to an agreement while still considering my budget constraints. I believe it's a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the high-quality data product you are offering.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5200. This price reflects the high-quality data product I am providing while remaining competitive and acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints. Let's reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5100. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the quality of the data product and my budget constraints. I appreciate the seller's willingness to negotiate, and I'm confident this offer will lead us to a mutually beneficial agreement.