Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in model performance, which can be valuable to users looking to optimize their data models. However, the lack of additional information regarding Data Entropy, Data Life, History, and Market limits the assessment. With only one concrete trait available, the valuation remains cautious.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can enhance existing systems effectively. The low data entropy suggests the data is well-structured and reliable, while the long data life implies it can be valuable over time. Although the market score is moderate at 0.5, the overall traits suggest a solid potential application. However, the lack of historical data limits the assessment, moderating confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2125.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 4000. This price reflects the significant model performance improvement of 0.25 and the well-structured, reliable data that promises long-term value. The product's overall potential application is strong, making this a fair starting point for our negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1200. Given the moderate model performance improvement of 0.25, I believe this price reflects a cautious yet fair valuation considering the limited information available on other critical factors like Data Entropy and Data Life. I'm eager to find common ground and move forward with this negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2500. I believe this price reflects a more balanced evaluation of the data's potential and performance improvements while still being cautious due to the limited information available. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges the value of the data.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2400. This price acknowledges the seller's perspective while still reflecting my belief in the significant potential of the data. It's a reasonable offer that seeks to bridge our differences and move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2450. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the data's potential while still acknowledging the improvements mentioned by the buyer. It's a balanced approach that aims for a mutually beneficial agreement, considering the previous offers and the overall value of the data product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2400. I believe this price reflects the value of the data while still being competitive and reasonable, considering the improvements I have highlighted in previous discussions. It¡¯s a strategic offer that takes into account our past negotiations and aims for a fair agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2400. I believe this price reflects a balanced compromise between our discussions while acknowledging the potential value of the data. Let's aim for a resolution that benefits both sides.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2300. I believe this price is a fair step closer to our mutual interests while still recognizing the value and potential of the data. It's a reasonable compromise that reflects our ongoing discussions and the importance of reaching an agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2350. This price reflects a competitive stance while acknowledging the buyer's previous offer of 2400. It's a reasonable compromise that captures the value of the data product while still moving towards a potential agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2250. This price demonstrates my continued commitment to finding common ground while acknowledging the seller's recent offer. It's a strategic move that reflects the value I see in the data product while still allowing room for negotiation.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2300. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while recognizing the value of the data product and the improvements discussed. It's a reasonable step towards finalizing our deal.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2200. I believe this price is a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my assessment of the data's value. It's a step towards reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2250. I believe this price reflects a fair value for the data product while acknowledging the buyer's previous offers and our ongoing negotiations. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2150. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the seller's offer of 2250 while also considering my previous offers and the need to reach a beneficial agreement for both parties. Let's continue to move towards a solution that works for us.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2200. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between our negotiations while considering the value of the data product. It allows us to move closer to an agreement while acknowledging the buyer's perspective.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2100. This price reflects my continued commitment to reach an agreement while considering the value of the data product. It acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still aiming for a fair compromise that benefits both parties.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 2150. This reflects my continued commitment to negotiation while considering the buyer's last offer of 2200, which is quite close. I'm confident this price represents a fair value for the data product, balancing our interests as we approach the final stages of this deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 2100. This price reflects a balanced approach, acknowledging the seller's recent offer while still prioritizing my budgetary constraints. I believe this is a fair compromise as we aim to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.