Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 suggests a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be appealing in certain markets. Additionally, the market score of 0.5 indicates a decent level of demand. However, the NULL traits limit the overall confidence in the product's robustness and potential. Given these factors, a price of 2000 is reasonable.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product demonstrates a solid Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it has the potential to enhance existing models significantly. With low data entropy and a long data life, the data product is likely to be reliable and sustainable for long-term use. The market demand score of 0.5 suggests a moderate interest in products of this nature, which supports a reasonable price point. The lack of historical data does introduce some uncertainty, but the overall positive traits outweigh this concern.', 'confidence': 'high'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the exceptional Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, which positions our data product as a significant enhancer for existing models. The product's low data entropy and long data life further assure its reliability and sustainability, making it a valuable asset for long-term use. Given the moderate market demand score of 0.5, this price is justified and confident.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. While the seller highlights the Model Performance Improvement, the high price of 18000 seems excessive given the moderate market demand and the limitations presented by the NULL traits. A price of 1000 reflects my assessment of the product's value in the current market context.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the significant improvements in model performance and reliability, while still taking into account the buyer's concerns about market demand.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the improvements the seller has made and my concerns about the market demand and product limitations. This offer is a step towards a fair agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the improvements in model performance and reliability while also considering the buyer's concerns about market demand. I believe this is a fair compromise that balances the value of the product with the current market conditions.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14000. This price acknowledges the seller's improvements in model performance and reliability while still reflecting my concerns about market demand. I believe it's a reasonable compromise that aligns with my previous offer and keeps the negotiation moving forward.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects the ongoing improvements in model performance and reliability while taking into account the buyer's concerns about market demand. It's a fair middle ground that shows my willingness to negotiate while still valuing the product.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14300. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the improvements in the product and addressing my concerns about market demand. It's a reasonable step forward that reflects my willingness to negotiate while still being cautious about the investment.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14450. I believe this reflects the ongoing enhancements in model performance and reliability while remaining competitive in the current market context.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14350. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the improvements in model performance and reliability, while still addressing my concerns about market demand.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects the significant improvements in model performance and reliability while also accommodating the buyer's concerns about market demand. It's a fair compromise that recognizes the value of the product.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14350. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's improvements in model performance and reliability while still reflecting my concerns about market demand. It's a reasonable offer that keeps us moving forward in our negotiations.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14450. I believe this price reflects the ongoing improvements in model performance and reliability while remaining competitive in light of the buyer's concerns regarding market demand. This slight adjustment shows my willingness to negotiate while still valuing the product's enhancements.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14300. I believe this price fairly represents my continued recognition of the product's enhancements while also addressing my concerns about market demand. It reflects a balanced approach to the negotiation, showing my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14400. This price reflects the consistent improvements in model performance and reliability while recognizing the buyer's concerns about market demand. It's a fair and reasonable offer that balances both parties' interests.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14300. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's improvements while still addressing my concerns about market demand. It represents a reasonable compromise that keeps us moving forward in this negotiation.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 14450. Given the ongoing improvements in model performance and reliability, this price reflects the significant value of the product while considering the buyer's previous offers. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges both the enhancements and the current market conditions.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 14350. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's improvements in model performance and reliability, while still emphasizing my concerns about market demand. It's a reasonable offer that balances both sides and keeps us moving toward a potential agreement.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 14400. This price reflects the consistent improvements in model performance and reliability that justify the value, while also considering the buyer's previous offers and the current market dynamics.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 14300. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the seller's consistent improvements in model performance and reliability while still accounting for my concerns regarding market demand. It presents a fair opportunity for both parties to finalize this deal effectively.