Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a moderate model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can enhance outcomes to some extent. The long data life suggests it can be leveraged over an extended period. However, the NULL traits indicate a lack of historical data and entropy information, which can impact the overall valuation. The market score of 0.5 suggests there is moderate demand, justifying a reasonable price point.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The model shows a significant performance improvement (MPI of 0.25), indicating its effectiveness in delivering better results. The low data entropy suggests that the data is reliable and structured, enhancing its usability. The long data life implies that the product will remain relevant for an extended period, ensuring ongoing value. However, the market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand, which constrains potential pricing. The absence of historical data may introduce some uncertainty, but the overall traits are strong enough to justify a substantial price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 8000. This price reflects the significant performance improvement of the data product and its reliable and structured nature, ensuring ongoing value for the buyer.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. The moderate model performance improvement and the long data life indicate some value, but the NULL traits and the market score suggest that the product isn't worth the higher price initially offered. My offer reflects a fair consideration of the current product limitations and market conditions.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 7500. This price reflects the strong performance improvements and ongoing value of the product while considering the buyer's perspective on market conditions. I believe this adjustment presents a fair opportunity for both parties to move forward.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 7200. Given the ongoing discussions and the seller's previous offer, this price takes into account the product's improvements while still acknowledging the limitations I've pointed out. I believe this is a reasonable offer that could lead us closer to an agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 7400. This price reflects the ongoing value and performance enhancements of the product while acknowledging the buyer's perspective on market conditions. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the strengths of the product while being considerate of the buyer's concerns.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 7300. I believe this price maintains a balance between recognizing the value and enhancements of the product while still considering the market conditions and limitations we've discussed. It presents a fair opportunity for us to reach an agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 7400. This price reflects the ongoing value and performance improvements of the product, while also acknowledging the buyer's previous counter. I believe this is a fair price that balances both our positions.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 7300. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the seller's value assertions while still acknowledging the limitations and market conditions we've discussed. Let's work towards closing this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 7350. I believe this price reflects the significant value and enhancements of the product while remaining reasonable given our ongoing discussions.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 7250. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, recognizing the enhancements and value of the product while still addressing the limitations we have discussed.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 7300. This price reflects the ongoing value and enhancements of the product while also considering the buyer's position and market conditions. I'm confident this is a fair compromise as we work towards a deal.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 7200. I believe this price acknowledges the enhancements and ongoing value of the product while still considering the budget constraints and market conditions we've discussed. It's a reasonable step towards reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 7250. This price reflects the product's enhanced value and performance while being mindful of the buyer's budget constraints. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes both the product's benefits and the current market conditions.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 7150. I believe this price strikes a balance between the product's perceived value and my budget constraints. While I acknowledge the improvements mentioned, I must remain mindful of my financial limits, and I believe this offer is a reasonable step towards finding common ground.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 7200. This price reflects the product's significant enhancements and the value it continues to provide, while also considering the buyer's constraints and the ongoing negotiation dynamics.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 7100. This price acknowledges the seller's enhancements and value but also reflects my need to stay within budget while moving closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 7150. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing value and enhancements of the product while also being within the buyer's budget constraints. Let's work towards closing this deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 7050. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my assessment of the product's limitations and market conditions. It¡¯s a reasonable step towards finalizing our agreement.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 7100. I believe this reflects the ongoing value and enhancements of the product while being considerate of the buyer's budget constraints. Let's find a common ground that acknowledges the product's worth.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 7000. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's current market value while still being considerate of my budget constraints. Let's work together to finalize a mutually beneficial agreement before we reach the end of this negotiation.