Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating potential for better outcomes compared to existing solutions. The capacity is deemed sufficient, and the low data entropy suggests that the data is clean and reliable, which is a strong selling point. Additionally, the long data life implies that the data product can be utilized for an extended period without degradation of value. However, the lack of market and history information does introduce some uncertainty in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates good potential for enhancing performance. A low Data Entropy suggests that the data is reliable and easy to analyze, and a long Data Life implies that the product retains its relevance and utility over time. The market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand, contributing positively to the valuation. However, the absence of historical data limits the confidence slightly.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1675.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, indicating a robust potential for enhancing performance. The low Data Entropy suggests that the data is reliable and easy to analyze, while the long Data Life ensures its continued relevance. Given these compelling attributes, I believe this price is justified.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The data product has impressive attributes such as the significant Model Performance Improvement and low Data Entropy, but I believe a price adjustment is necessary to reflect the initial stage of negotiation and the uncertainties in market history.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the strong Model Performance Improvement and low Data Entropy highlighted by the buyer, while also addressing the negotiation uncertainties that prompted my previous offer. I believe this price is fair and represents the value of the product effectively.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price reflects my recognition of the significant Model Performance Improvement and low Data Entropy while also accounting for the need to remain competitive in this negotiation. I believe it strikes a fair balance between the value of the product and the uncertainties we've discussed.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1680. The recent discussions have highlighted the strong value of the product, particularly in terms of Model Performance Improvement and low Data Entropy, which I believe justifies a slight increase from my previous offer while still remaining competitive in this negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1670. The product's strong Model Performance Improvement and low Data Entropy are compelling factors, and I believe this price reflects a fair valuation while keeping the negotiation competitive.