Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'Although many traits are NULL, the capacity is indicated as "enough," suggesting that the product can handle a reasonable amount of data or user demand. This might appeal to a niche market, allowing for a basic valuation. However, the lack of information on performance improvement, data entropy, and market specifics limits the confidence in this valuation.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.25 indicates a significant enhancement, which can be valuable in competitive markets. However, the medium data entropy and short data life suggest that while the product might be effective temporarily, it may not sustain long-term value. The market score of 0.3 implies limited demand, which impacts the overall valuation. Thus, the expected price reflects a balance between its potential benefits and limitations.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:5325.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the significant enhancement in model performance and the potential value it can bring in competitive markets, despite its limitations. I believe this initial offer sets a strong foundation for our negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4500. Given the current limitations and uncertainties surrounding the product's performance and market specifics, this price reflects a cautious approach while still acknowledging its potential value. I believe we can find common ground that works for both of us.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. The model's enhanced performance and potential market value justify a higher price, while still being cautious about uncertainties. This price reflects a fair compromise and keeps the negotiation moving forward.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5400. The seller's proposal of 5500 is reasonable, but I believe there's still room for negotiation. This price reflects my appreciation for the model's potential while maintaining a cautious approach toward its performance uncertainties.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects the model's enhanced performance and its potential market value while also acknowledging the uncertainties we've discussed. It's a balanced approach that recognizes both the value and risks involved.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, acknowledging the model's enhanced performance while also considering the market risks we've discussed. It's a reasonable step forward in our negotiation.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects my recognition of the model's enhanced performance and market potential while balancing the associated risks. I believe this is a fair midpoint that acknowledges the value without overcommitting.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the model's enhanced performance and potential market value while remaining within a reasonable range given the seller's current offer. Let's find a mutually agreeable point that acknowledges both the value and the associated risks.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5450. I believe this price reflects the model's enhanced performance and potential market value while still acknowledging the uncertainties that have been highlighted in our discussions. This offer aims to find a balanced approach that recognizes the value the buyer sees while allowing for a reasonable negotiation space.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the model's enhanced performance and the potential market value, while still considering the uncertainties we've discussed. It's a reasonable compromise that aligns with the previous negotiations and allows us to move forward effectively.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5450. I believe this price reflects the potential of the model while taking into account the ongoing discussions and slight adjustments we've made in our negotiations. It presents a fair opportunity for both parties to move forward.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the value of the model while still considering the uncertainties we've discussed. It allows us to make progress in our negotiations and move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5400. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the model's potential while remaining realistic about the current market conditions. I believe it strikes a fair balance between both parties' perspectives.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price reflects a strong acknowledgment of the model's capabilities while also addressing the seller's concerns about market conditions. It's a reasonable step towards closing this deal while still leaving some room for negotiation.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5350. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the model's potential while still addressing the market uncertainties we've discussed. It's a step towards a fair agreement that takes into account both the value and the risks involved.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5300. This price reflects my understanding of the model's potential while still considering the market uncertainties we've discussed. It's a reasonable compromise that acknowledges both the value of the product and the current negotiation dynamics.