Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '500', 'reason': "The product has enough capacity, but the short data life and low market score indicate limited longevity and demand. The lack of information on model performance, data entropy, and history further reduces confidence in the product's value.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate model performance improvement (MPI of 0.25) which indicates it could add some value, but the data life is short and data entropy is medium, suggesting limited long-term utility. However, the market size is relatively good at 0.3, which indicates potential demand. Given these factors, a price of 1500 seems reasonable.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:565.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate model performance improvement and the potential demand in the market, while also considering the short data life and medium entropy. I believe this offer captures the value of the product effectively and positions us for a beneficial deal.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 300. The product's short data life and low market score suggest limited longevity and demand, which significantly impacts its value. Therefore, a lower price is more appropriate given the circumstances.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 500. Given the short data life and moderate market score, this price reflects a more realistic value while still acknowledging the potential for demand.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 600. I believe that while the seller's current offer of 500 acknowledges the short data life, it underestimates the potential value in the market given the moderate performance. My offer reflects a more optimistic view of the demand that could be generated.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 700. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between the potential market demand and the product's limitations, acknowledging the buyer's perspective while still valuing the data's worth.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 600. I believe this price reflects a balance between the seller's valuation and the limitations of the product, while still recognizing the potential market demand. It's a competitive offer that acknowledges the data's short life and moderate performance, making it a reasonable compromise.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 650. I believe this reflects a fair compromise considering the potential market demand while acknowledging the product's limitations.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 600. I believe this price reflects a balanced assessment of the product's limitations while still acknowledging the potential market demand. It maintains the negotiation momentum and aligns with our previous discussions, allowing us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 600. I believe this price fairly reflects the current market dynamics and the product's limitations while still recognizing its potential value. Let's move forward with this deal.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 550. This price reflects my assessment of the product's limitations and the need for a fair compromise in our negotiations. I believe it still acknowledges the potential value while allowing us to inch closer to an agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 575. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise given the product's limitations and the buyer's previous offer. It acknowledges the need for a balanced valuation while still considering market dynamics.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 550. This price reflects my understanding of the product's limitations and maintains a fair balance considering the market dynamics we've discussed in previous rounds. It's a strategic offer that acknowledges the seller's recent price while still aiming for a beneficial outcome for both parties.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 570. Given the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's last counter of 550, I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, balancing the product's limitations with its potential market demand.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 560. I believe this price reflects a reasonable adjustment while still recognizing the product's limitations and market potential. It positions us well as we continue our negotiations.