Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and medium data entropy, suggesting it can handle a reasonable amount of data and offer some value. However, the short data life and low market score indicate limited long-term applicability and demand. This suggests a moderate price point as it may serve niche needs but lacks broader relevance.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can enhance models effectively. Although the data life is short and data entropy is medium, the overall capacity is sufficient, and the market demand is reflected at 0.3. This suggests a niche but potentially valuable position in the market, justifying a moderate price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1567.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the strong potential of the data product, given its moderate Model Performance Improvement and sufficient market demand. The unique positioning of this data enhances its value, and I'm confident that it's a fair starting point for negotiations.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. While I appreciate the potential of the data product, I believe my offer reflects a more realistic valuation given the short data life and limited long-term applicability. This price allows for a fair negotiation while considering the niche needs this product may serve.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. The data product has significant potential, and I believe this price reflects a fair balance between its capabilities and the concerns regarding its applicability.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price acknowledges the potential of the data product while still considering the seller's concerns about its limitations. It strikes a fair compromise and reflects my strong interest in moving forward.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1575. I believe this price strikes a balance between the product's potential and its limitations, while also acknowledging the buyer's interest and previous offers. Let's move towards a fair agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1560. This price reflects my appreciation for the product's potential while acknowledging the seller's position and previous offers. It's a fair compromise that keeps us moving toward a mutually beneficial agreement.