Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates that it has the potential to enhance performance effectively. Additionally, the market score of 0.3 suggests there is some demand for the product. However, the lack of data entropy, data life, and history limits the overall understanding of its value, leading to a cautious estimate.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 suggests a reasonable enhancement in model accuracy, which can be appealing to businesses looking to improve their data strategies. The medium data entropy indicates a balanced level of complexity, while the market value of 0.3 reflects a moderate demand. However, the short data life may limit long-term utility, impacting overall value. Considering these factors, a price of 5000 aligns with the potential benefits and market conditions.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the significant value of the data product, particularly considering the Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, which can bring a substantial enhancement in model accuracy for businesses. The balanced medium data entropy and moderate market demand further support this valuation, making it a compelling investment opportunity.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. While I recognize the potential of the data product with a Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, my evaluation takes into account the limitations in data entropy, data life, and history. Therefore, I believe a more cautious approach is warranted, and my offer reflects a more conservative valuation of the product's worth.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the significant value of the data, considering the Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, while also being more flexible to encourage a productive negotiation.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5400. This price acknowledges the seller's value proposition while allowing for a slight concession on my part to facilitate the negotiation. I still have concerns regarding the data limitations, but I am willing to move closer to a middle ground.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the value of the data product and the buyer's recent offer of 5400. This adjustment acknowledges the buyer's concerns while still recognizing the significant performance improvement that the data provides. Let's move forward from here.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price acknowledges the seller¡¯s offer while still reflecting my concerns regarding data limitations. It represents a reasonable compromise that respects both parties' positions. Let¡¯s finalize this deal and move forward.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the significant value of the data, considering the Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns regarding data limitations. I believe this is a fair compromise that captures the essence of the data's worth.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5400. This price acknowledges the seller's valuation while still being cautious about the data's limitations. I believe this is a fair compromise that reflects my concerns and the importance of finding a middle ground in this negotiation.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects my consistent valuation of the data's significant value despite the acknowledged limitations. I believe this is a fair and reasonable figure that addresses both parties' interests and maintains the integrity of the data's performance improvement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's consistent valuation while still addressing my concerns regarding the data's limitations. It represents a fair compromise that reflects the ongoing negotiation dynamics.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the ongoing recognition of the data's substantial value and the slight flexibility I've maintained throughout our negotiations. I'm confident that this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both our positions effectively.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the seller's valuation while still considering my concerns regarding the data limitations. I'm confident this offer maintains our negotiation momentum and aligns with the previous discussions.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the significant value of the data, especially considering the recent Model Performance Improvement. While I recognize the buyer's concerns about data limitations, this offer aims to strike a balance that acknowledges both the quality of the data and the ongoing negotiation process.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, acknowledging the seller's valuation while still considering the concerns regarding data limitations. I am eager to reach an agreement that benefits both parties as we move forward.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the consistent value of the data and acknowledges the buyer's previous offers while maintaining a strong position.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, acknowledging the value of the data while considering the limitations we've discussed. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the consistent value of the data while considering the buyer's concerns and previous offers. I'm confident this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the quality of the data and the buyer's position.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects a balanced approach that recognizes the seller's valuation while aligning with my concerns regarding the data limitations. It's a reasonable offer that aims to conclude our negotiations effectively.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price accurately reflects the significant value of the data despite the buyer's concerns about limitations. It represents a fair compromise that acknowledges both the worth of the data and the buyer's position.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price continues to reflect the value of the data while addressing the limitations we've discussed. It represents a fair and reasonable compromise that acknowledges both the seller's position and my cautious approach to valuation.