Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a meaningful enhancement in performance, which can be valuable to users looking for improvements. However, the short data life and several NULL traits (data entropy, history, market) indicate uncertainty about the product's long-term viability and applicability in the market. Therefore, while it holds some value, the lack of comprehensive information limits the potential price.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which suggests that it can enhance model outcomes to some extent. The capacity is noted as "enough," indicating it can handle the necessary data load, while the medium data entropy suggests a reasonable level of complexity and variability in the data. However, the short data life could limit its long-term usability, and the NULL history means there is no past performance to reference, which reduces reliability. The market demand is also relatively low at 0.3, indicating limited interest. These factors combined suggest a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2425.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 4000. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the capacity to handle necessary data loads, suggesting good value. The uniqueness of this product in the current market justifies a premium, despite the short data life and low market demand.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. While I acknowledge the moderate Model Performance Improvement, the short data life and several NULL traits significantly limit the product's long-term viability and applicability. Therefore, I believe a price closer to 1000 is more justified given the uncertainties involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 3500. The unique qualities of this product and its moderate performance justify a higher price point, while still being more flexible than my initial offer. I believe this price reflects its value and addresses the buyer's concerns about its limitations.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2000. The seller's current price of 3500 is still too high considering the product's limitations and short data life. My offer reflects a more reasonable valuation while acknowledging the seller's flexibility. Let's work towards a more acceptable price for both sides.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 3000. The unique qualities of the product and its moderate performance still hold value, and this price reflects a better compromise while considering the buyer's perspective on limitations.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2900. The seller's current offer of 3000 is too high given the product's limitations and short data life. My offer reflects a fair compromise while still acknowledging the value of the product's unique qualities.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2950. I believe this price reflects the product's unique qualities while considering the buyer's concerns about its limitations. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the value while remaining competitive.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2850. I believe this price strikes a balanced approach, taking into account the product's limitations while still recognizing its unique qualities. It allows us to move closer to a fair agreement without overextending my budget.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2900. This price reflects the unique qualities of the product while also considering the buyer's budget constraints. I'm confident this is a fair compromise and aligns with the value the product provides.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2800. This price acknowledges the seller's unique qualities while still being mindful of the product's limitations and my budget. I'm confident this is a reasonable step towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2850. This price reflects the unique qualities of the product while also considering the limitations discussed in previous rounds. Let's find common ground and move towards a fair agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2750. I believe this price acknowledges the unique qualities of the product while still considering the limitations addressed in our discussions. Let's move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2700. This price reflects the unique qualities of the product while acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints and recent offers. I'm aiming for a fair deal that recognizes the value of this product while being mindful of the ongoing negotiations.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2600. I believe this price reflects the product's value while considering both the seller's unique offerings and my budget constraints. It's a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the ongoing negotiations and the need for a fair deal.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2650. I believe this price reflects the unique qualities and moderate performance of the product while also considering the budget constraints highlighted by the buyer. Let's aim for a fair agreement that acknowledges the value of the product.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2550. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the product's unique qualities and the limitations it has, while still aligning with my budget constraints. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects the unique qualities of the product while acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints. Let's find a middle ground that recognizes the value without stretching either party too far.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 2400. This price reflects my recognition of the product's unique qualities while still considering my budget constraints. I believe we can find a mutually beneficial agreement that respects both the value of the product and my financial limitations.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 2450. Given the ongoing negotiations and the value of the unique qualities of the product, this price strikes a balance between both our positions while also acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 2400. I believe this price reflects the ongoing negotiations and recognizes the unique qualities of the product while still aligning with my budget constraints. Let's move closer to a final agreement.