Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.25 indicates the product can provide a noticeable enhancement in performance, which is valuable. However, the short data life and medium data entropy may limit its long-term usability and reliability. The lack of historical data and market insights brings uncertainty, but the performance improvement suggests moderate demand potential.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates it can enhance existing models to some extent. The capacity is sufficient, meaning it can handle the required data. However, the data life is short, suggesting that the value may diminish quickly, and the medium data entropy indicates some complexity in the data which could impact usability. The market demand is low at 0.3, which limits the potential price. Overall, while there are positive traits, the short data life and low market indicate a cautious approach to valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1605.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement of the data product, its adequate capacity, and the potential to enhance existing models, despite the short data life and low market demand.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. The seller's price of 1800 seems quite low considering the product's moderate performance improvement, but I believe a lower price reflects the challenges regarding its short data life and limited market demand. This offer acknowledges the potential while remaining cautious about the product's overall long-term value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects the quality and potential of the product while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about its performance and market demand. I'm confident that this figure represents a fair compromise between our positions.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price takes into account the product's moderate performance and low market demand while still recognizing the potential it holds. I believe this figure is a reasonable offer that reflects my cautious valuation based on the previous discussions.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects a balanced view of the product's quality and potential while remaining competitive in light of the buyer's concerns about performance and market demand. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges both the product's strengths and the cautious valuation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price acknowledges the seller's perspective while still reflecting my cautious valuation based on the product's moderate performance and market demand. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes both the strengths and limitations of the product.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1625. Given the ongoing discussions and the buyer's cautious stance, this price reflects a fair compromise while still acknowledging the quality and potential of the product. Let's move forward with this negotiation.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price strikes a balance between the product's potential and the cautious valuation I've maintained throughout our discussions. It reflects my assessment of the current market demand and acknowledges the quality of the product while still being fair for both parties. Let's move forward from here.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1610. The product has quality and potential that warrants a strong price, and this reflects a fair compromise while still addressing the buyer's cautious valuation.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This reflects my continued cautious valuation based on the product's moderate performance and low market demand, while still acknowledging the seller's emphasis on quality and potential.