Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can attract buyers looking for efficiency gains. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle a reasonable amount of data, which adds value. However, the medium data entropy and short data life may deter some buyers, as these factors can affect long-term usability. The market score of 0.3 indicates a relatively low demand, which suggests that pricing should be cautious. Overall, the combination of moderate performance and general capacity but with some limitations results in a modest valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product demonstrates a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates it can enhance performance reasonably well. The capacity is sufficient and the market demand is noted at 0.3, suggesting there is some interest. However, the medium data entropy and short data life could limit long-term value and usability. The absence of historical data is a drawback. Overall, the product has potential but lacks strong historical backing, which affects its valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1565.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 and the sufficient capacity of the product, which indicates its reasonable potential in enhancing performance. While there are some limitations, such as medium data entropy and short data life, the current market demand is noteworthy, which supports a higher valuation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. Although the seller has presented a compelling case for the price of 1800, I believe that the limitations such as medium data entropy and short data life significantly impact the long-term value of the product. My offer reflects a cautious approach, considering the current market demand and the performance enhancement potential.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This reflects the product's solid performance and increasing market demand, while still considering the buyer's perspective on long-term value.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price better reflects the current market dynamics and the product's limitations that we've previously discussed. While I appreciate the seller's perspective, I believe this price aligns more closely with the long-term value considerations we've addressed.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. Given the ongoing market demand and the solid performance of the product, this price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges recent negotiations while still valuing the product's strengths.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects the ongoing market conditions and the product's current performance, while still being a competitive offer that acknowledges the seller's position.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects the solid performance and market demand we have seen, while still considering the buyer's perspective on the product's value. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges both our positions.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's current limitations while also acknowledging the seller's perspective on market demand. It's a reasonable step towards reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1580. Given the ongoing market demand and the product's solid performance, this price reflects a reasonable compromise while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about limitations.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects a fair balance considering the product's limitations and the current market dynamics. While the seller's offer is reasonable, my price acknowledges the ongoing concerns while still aiming for a compromise.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1570. This price reflects the solid demand in the market and the consistent performance of the product while still being competitive. I'm keen to find a middle ground that acknowledges the value of the offering.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1560. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's position while still valuing the product's limitations. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the ongoing negotiations and aims for a solution that works for both parties.