Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product has a sufficient capacity and a market rating of 0.4, indicating some level of demand. However, the absence of critical traits such as Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy suggests that the product may not be fully optimized or well-defined, limiting its potential value. Given these factors, a conservative estimate is appropriate.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates some effectiveness in enhancing existing models. The market demand is also at 0.4, suggesting there is a reasonable interest in this type of data product. However, the data life is short, which could limit its long-term value. The medium data entropy indicates a balance between complexity and usability. Overall, the product has potential but is somewhat constrained by its short data life and the lack of historical data.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement of the data product and the reasonable market demand, indicating its potential value despite the short data life.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. The seller's price is significantly higher than my valuation, which is primarily based on the product's limited optimization and critical traits. Given the moderate demand and the absence of certain key features, I believe that a price of 1500 reflects a more realistic assessment of its value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2000. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation of the data product considering the features and optimization it currently has. It provides a balance between the market demand and the limitations that were previously noted.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1900. While I appreciate the seller's perspective on the product's features and market demand, I believe my offer still reflects a better valuation considering the ongoing negotiation and the limitations previously identified.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2100. Given the ongoing negotiations and the increasing interest in the data product, I believe this price reflects a fair value while still accounting for the features and potential that we can optimize further. Let's see if we can reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the features of the data product while still reflecting my desire for a fair deal. Let's work towards finalizing this agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2050. This price reflects a reasonable adjustment considering the buyer's last offer of 2100, and it acknowledges the potential of the product while still accounting for the limitations we've discussed in previous rounds. Let's find a middle ground that benefits both parties.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2000. This price reflects my continued belief in the potential of the product while acknowledging the seller's latest offer. It's a fair compromise that recognizes both the limitations discussed and the value that can be derived from the product. Let's move closer to a deal that works for us both.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2025. I believe this slight increase reflects a more accurate valuation of the product while acknowledging the buyer's interest and the ongoing negotiations.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation of the product while considering the seller's recent offer and my previous stance. It shows my continued interest in reaching an agreement while also being reasonable given the ongoing negotiations.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2010. This price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the product's current value and the buyer's consistent offers. It acknowledges the ongoing negotiation while ensuring that the seller's interests are preserved.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1900. This price reflects a fair assessment of the product's features and market conditions while also acknowledging the seller's last offer. It demonstrates my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement without straying too far from previous negotiations.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2000. I believe this price represents a fair compromise, recognizing the ongoing negotiations and the value of the data product while still addressing the buyer's concerns.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1900. This reflects my continued commitment to reaching a fair agreement while acknowledging the ongoing negotiations and the value of the data product. I believe this price is reasonable considering the seller's last offer and the features provided.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1950. This price reflects a reasonable adjustment considering the ongoing negotiation and the buyer's previous offer of 1900. I'm confident this price recognizes the value of the product while aiming for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1850. This price represents a fair compromise, acknowledging the seller's recent offer of 1950 while still reflecting my assessment of the product's value. I'm eager to reach a mutually beneficial agreement and believe this offer brings us closer to that goal.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 1900. This price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value considering the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's previous offer. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 1800. This price reflects my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement while acknowledging the seller's current offer. It also considers the product's value and the need for a reasonable compromise in our ongoing negotiations.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 1850. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise given the ongoing negotiations and the current market conditions. It acknowledges the buyer's previous offer while still representing the value of the data product. Let's move forward with this agreement.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 1750. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between the seller's last offer and the value of the data product. It reflects my commitment to a fair negotiation while also considering the limitations discussed in previous rounds. Let's reach a mutually beneficial agreement.