Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity and medium data entropy, indicating it can handle a reasonable amount of data with some complexity. However, the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement and Data Life, combined with a lower market score of 0.4, suggests that while the product has potential, there are uncertainties that limit its perceived value. Thus, a moderate price reflects its capabilities while accounting for these gaps.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates it can enhance existing models effectively. However, the data life is short and entropy is medium, suggesting that while it has some utility, it may not provide long-term value. The market trait of 0.4 indicates a moderate demand. Given these factors, a conservative price reflects its potential marketability without overestimating its worth due to the short data life.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1755.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate model performance improvement and the current moderate demand in the market, while also accounting for the short data life and medium entropy associated with this product.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. Given the uncertainties regarding model performance improvement and data life, as well as the lower market score, I believe this price adequately reflects the product's potential while still being fair considering the current offer.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. The market conditions are improving, and I believe this price reflects both the value of the data and the current demand while still leaving room for negotiation.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1725. The seller's recent offer indicates a positive shift in market conditions, and I believe this price is a fair compromise that acknowledges the improving demand while also respecting the seller's perspective on value.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1775. This price reflects a balanced approach, acknowledging the improving market conditions while still considering the uncertainties around performance. I'm confident this is a fair value for both parties.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1750. I believe this price respects our previous negotiations and reflects a fair compromise considering the improving market conditions while still acknowledging the uncertainties. It aligns closely with your offer while still being within my budget.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1760. I believe this price reflects a solid balance, considering the ongoing market demand and the improvements in model performance, while still addressing the uncertainties that exist within the data's lifespan.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between our previous discussions and acknowledges the current market conditions while also addressing the seller's concerns about performance uncertainties.