Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_entrophy': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be valuable in competitive markets. The market score of 0.3 suggests there is some demand for the product, but the absence of several critical traits (capacity, data entropy, data life, and history) limits the overall assessment and potential use cases. The valuation reflects a cautious optimism given the factors available.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance which can be valuable, especially in a competitive market with a market score of 0.3. However, the absence of capacity and data entropy information, along with a short data life, limits the potential longevity and applicability of the product, thus moderating the price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:7000.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 7000. This price reflects the significant value of the data product with a Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, which can provide a competitive edge in the market. The potential benefits justify a higher initial offer to explore the buyer's willingness to invest.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 5000. This price reflects a cautious assessment of the data product's value given the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the absence of critical traits, balancing potential benefits with market conditions.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 6000. The data product has demonstrated a significant competitive edge with a Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, and while I recognize the cautious stance reflected in the lower offer, I believe this price strikes a fair balance that reflects its true value in the current market.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 6500. The data product's Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 indicates a strong competitive advantage, which justifies a higher investment. I believe this price reflects its true value while still being reasonable in light of market conditions.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 6700. I believe this price reflects the significant competitive edge of the data product, especially with the Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, while also accommodating the cautious market assessment. This is a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's true value.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 6800. I believe this price is a strong reflection of the data product's notable competitive edge and the Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, while also considering the market dynamics. This adjustment shows my willingness to find common ground while recognizing the product's true value.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 6900. Given the data product's significant competitive edge and the Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, this price reflects its true market value while still being a reasonable leap from the previous offers. Let's move forward with this strong valuation.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 7000. Given the product's remarkable competitive edge and a Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, this price reflects a fair and justified valuation that acknowledges the product's true worth in the market. It's a solid step forward in our negotiation.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 7000. The product's remarkable competitive edge and the Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 justify this premium price, reflecting both its true value and the current market dynamics.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 6900. The product¡¯s competitive edge and Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 still hold significant value, and I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of its worth in the current market.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 7000. This price reflects the data product's significant competitive edge and the Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, which justifies its premium value in the market. I believe this is a fair price considering the recent valuations.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 7000. This price acknowledges the data product's significant competitive edge and the Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, which clearly justify its premium value. Given the previous valuations and the strong market position of the product, this is a fair and competitive offer.