Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in predictive or operational capabilities, which can be valuable for users looking to improve their systems. However, the lack of information on data entropy, data life, history, and market limits the overall valuation, as these are critical for understanding the product's longevity, relevance, and competitive standing.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a solid Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, which indicates it can significantly enhance performance for users. The capacity being "enough" suggests it can handle the expected data workload. However, the medium data entropy and short data life imply that while the product may be effective, its longevity and adaptability could be limited. The market value of 0.4 indicates a moderate level of demand, which can influence pricing. Given these factors, the expected price reflects a balance between potential performance benefits and limitations.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1675.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the substantial value of the data product, considering its impressive Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, which can greatly enhance users' efficiency. While it has some limitations in terms of data life and adaptability, the potential benefits far outweigh these factors. I am confident this price accurately captures the product's worth in the current market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. While the Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 is noteworthy, the limitations regarding data life and adaptability make me cautious about the overall value. Therefore, I believe 1500 is a more reasonable starting point for this negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. The data product's significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 justifies a higher value, and I believe this price reflects its true worth while remaining competitive in this negotiation.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The value of the data product is indeed notable, but I still believe that my offer reflects a fair assessment considering the overall value and market conditions. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. The data product's significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 justifies a higher valuation, and I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between our previous offers.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1650. The data product's significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 is valuable, but I believe my offer reflects a more balanced assessment of its worth, considering market conditions and our prior negotiations.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects the significant value of the data product while also being a reasonable compromise based on our previous discussions.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, considering the data product's significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 and the previous offers. It allows us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1680. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the product's significant performance improvement while still acknowledging the buyer's interest. Let's move forward.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1670. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the product's performance improvements while still being considerate of the seller's position. It allows us to make progress towards a deal that satisfies both parties.