Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The model performance improvement of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be valuable to users looking for improvements. However, the presence of NULL values in critical traits like Data Life, History, and Market suggests a lack of comprehensive information to fully assess the product's potential. This limits my confidence in the valuation, leading to a conservative estimate.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product shows a Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates a moderate level of effectiveness. The capacity is sufficient, allowing it to handle necessary data loads. However, the medium data entropy suggests some complexity in the data, while the short data life indicates that the product may require frequent updates or replacements. The market score of 0.4 reflects a moderate demand. Overall, these factors point to a reasonable value, but the short data life and medium entropy could limit long-term usability, hence the moderate pricing.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1625.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects the moderate effectiveness and capacity of the data product, which can handle necessary data loads while considering the complexity and short life of the data. Given these factors, I believe this is a fair starting point for negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1200. Given the moderate model performance improvement and the critical NULL values in essential traits, I believe a conservative valuation is warranted. This price reflects my concerns about the data's comprehensiveness and its potential impact on overall value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2000. I believe this price reflects the moderate effectiveness of the data product while addressing the concerns about model performance and the critical NULL values. This is a fair compromise that acknowledges both our positions.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the product's moderate effectiveness while still addressing the concerns about model performance and critical NULL values. This adjustment reflects my willingness to engage constructively in our negotiations.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1950. The data product has shown moderate effectiveness, and while I recognize the buyer's concerns about model performance and NULL values, I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the value it still brings to the table.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1850. The moderate effectiveness of the data product is acknowledged, but I still have concerns regarding its performance and the presence of NULL values. This price reflects my willingness to compromise while taking into account the value I perceive in the product.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1900. The previous rounds have shown that we are close in our valuations, and I believe 1900 is a fair price considering the concerns we've both raised about the data product's effectiveness and performance issues. Let's find a middle ground and move forward.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1800. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, considering our ongoing discussions about the data product's effectiveness and the lingering performance issues we've both acknowledged. Let's work together to find a solution that satisfies both parties.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1850. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the ongoing discussions about the data product's effectiveness and the concerns raised about model performance and NULL values. Let's find a resolution that works for both of us.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1750. I believe this price is a fair compromise, reflecting my recognition of the ongoing discussions about the data product's effectiveness and the concerns regarding model performance and NULL values. I'm hopeful we can reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1800. I believe this price reflects the moderate effectiveness of the data product while addressing the buyer's concerns about performance and NULL values. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges our ongoing discussions.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price is a reasonable reflection of the data product's moderate effectiveness while still addressing the ongoing concerns about performance and NULL values. This offer demonstrates my willingness to work towards a fair agreement while considering the seller's position.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1750. The current market dynamics and previous offers indicate a willingness to negotiate around this price, and it reflects a fair compromise considering the product's moderate effectiveness and the buyer's concerns.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price reflects my continued concerns about the product's moderate effectiveness and aligns with my willingness to negotiate while still seeking a fair value.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects the data product's moderate effectiveness and acknowledges the buyer's ongoing concerns while also allowing for a fair compromise.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the data product's moderate effectiveness while taking into account the concerns about its performance. It's a reasonable step towards an agreement as we approach the final rounds of negotiation.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects a fair compromise given the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's concerns about the data product's moderate effectiveness. I believe it's a reasonable step towards reaching an agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price is a fair assessment considering the moderate effectiveness of the data product and the ongoing discussions about its performance. I believe it's a reasonable offer that reflects my willingness to negotiate while still acknowledging the value of the product.