Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a decent enhancement in performance, which is valuable. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle current demands. However, the medium data entropy and short data life may limit long-term usage and reliability. The market rating of 0.4 indicates moderate demand. Overall, the product has some strengths but also significant limitations, leading to a balanced valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a reasonable Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be valuable in competitive markets. The "enough" capacity suggests that it can handle a good amount of data, but the medium data entropy and short data life may limit its long-term applicability. The market factor of 0.4 indicates a decent level of demand. However, the lack of historical data makes it difficult to fully assess its past performance and reliability. Considering these factors, a price of 5000 is reasonable, reflecting its potential value in the market.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2005.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by a Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, along with its capacity to handle a substantial amount of data. Given the current competitive market and the potential value of this data product, I believe this price is justified.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. The substantial difference between your price and my valuation indicates that we need to adjust our expectations significantly. Given the moderate enhancement in performance, the medium data entropy, and the short data life, I believe this price is a fair starting point for our negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2000. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the data product's performance and capacity while acknowledging the buyer's interest. It's a significant increase from my previous offer and aligns better with the value provided.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this price represents a fair compromise, taking into account the performance and capacity of the data product while also considering the seller's position. It's an increment from my previous offer, showing my readiness to engage more seriously in this negotiation.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2100. I believe this reflects a fair value considering the improved performance and data characteristics, while still being a step towards meeting the buyer's expectations.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2000. This price balances the seller's acknowledgment of improved performance with my need for a fair deal, while also moving closer to an agreement. Let's work together to finalize this.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2050. This price reflects a balanced approach, considering the improved performance and value of the data product while remaining within a reasonable range for negotiation. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2000. This price reflects my recognition of the value and performance improvements in the data product while still aiming for a fair and reasonable deal. Let's continue to negotiate towards a successful agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2025. This price reflects the improved value and performance we discussed previously, and I believe it strikes a fair balance between our positions. Let's work towards a successful agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2000. This price reflects my recognition of the improved value and performance, while still aiming for a fair compromise. Let's finalize this deal and move forward!
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2010. This price reflects the value of the data product and shows my willingness to negotiate while still acknowledging its improved performance and potential.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price acknowledges the value of the data product while remaining competitive in our negotiation. It shows my commitment to reaching an agreement and reflects the improvements we've discussed in previous rounds.