Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The market rating of 0.5 indicates a moderate demand, but the absence of specific performance and data traits leads to uncertainty. The product has enough capacity, which is a positive aspect, but the NULL traits limit potential value. The expected price reflects a cautious valuation based on the available information.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be valuable in the right market. The market rating of 0.5 suggests a decent level of demand, albeit not high. However, the short data life and medium data entropy imply limitations in long-term usage and stability. Given these factors, the expected price reflects a balance between potential and limitations.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, along with the decent market demand suggested by the market rating of 0.5. While the data has some limitations due to its short life and medium entropy, I believe that its potential value warrants this price point.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. Given the moderate demand and the limitations around the data's performance and traits, I believe a significantly lower price is more reflective of its true value. I'm looking to find a fair deal that acknowledges these factors.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2000. Given the moderate performance improvement and the decent market demand, I believe this price reflects a fair valuation while still addressing the limitations of the data.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1900. While the seller's offer reflects a fair assessment, I believe my price better aligns with the potential value of the data while acknowledging the limitations. Let's move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2100. The data's potential remains promising, and I believe this price reflects both its value and the market dynamics we've discussed.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price more accurately reflects the balance between the data's potential and its current market demand, while still acknowledging the seller's recent offer. Let's work towards a mutually agreeable deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2050. This price reflects a solid middle ground that acknowledges the data's potential while also considering the market demand and limitations we've discussed. Let's move closer to a deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price reflects the promising potential of the data while still acknowledging the market demand and limitations we've discussed. It¡¯s a fair compromise that brings us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2020. This price reflects a reasonable adjustment based on the ongoing discussions and the recognition of the data's potential value in the current market scenario.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1950. I believe this price better reflects the potential value of the data while still recognizing the seller's adjustments in the previous rounds. It represents a fair compromise between our positions and acknowledges the ongoing dialogue we've had.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2000. I believe this price accurately reflects the data's potential value while considering market demand and previous negotiations. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' interests.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the perceived value of the data and the market dynamics we've discussed in previous rounds. It acknowledges the seller's concerns while still aiming for a beneficial outcome for both parties.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1950. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the data's potential value and the ongoing market dynamics, while also acknowledging the buyer's previous offers. Let's move towards closing this deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1850. I believe this price better reflects the value of the data while remaining competitive in the current market dynamics. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's perspective while still aligning with my valuation strategy. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1900. This price captures a fair balance between the value of the data and the current market conditions, while also acknowledging the buyer's previous offers. I believe this is a reasonable position as we move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1800. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, considering the seller's previous offer and the current market conditions. It acknowledges the value of the data while still aiming for a competitive deal that benefits both parties.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 1850. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the value of the data in the current market. It recognizes the buyer's perspective while also acknowledging the limitations previously discussed. Let's move towards closing this deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 1750. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still taking into account the previous rounds of negotiation. It represents a reasonable compromise that reflects the value of the data in the current market while keeping our budget constraints in mind. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 1800. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the value of the data and the current market conditions, while also considering the buyer's last offer. Let's move forward and close this deal.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, reflecting the value of the data while being mindful of previous offers and the seller's current stance. Let's work towards finalizing this deal effectively.