Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity, which indicates it can handle a reasonable amount of data, but the short data life suggests limited usability over time. The absence of information on model performance improvement, data entropy, history, and market makes it difficult to ascertain its full value. Hence, the price reflects a cautious approach based on the available traits.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': "The model's performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25 suggests a moderate enhancement in predictive capabilities, which could attract buyers looking for incremental advancements. The market score of 0.5 indicates some demand, but the short data life and medium data entropy may limit long-term value. Additionally, the absence of historical performance (NULL in history) raises concerns about reliability and past success, impacting the perceived value.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in predictive capabilities indicated by the model's performance improvement, alongside the demand suggested by the market score. While there are some limitations with the data's longevity and entropy, I believe the overall value justifies this higher price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. Given the significant limitations in data longevity and entropy, the offered price of 18000 feels excessively high. My offer reflects a cautious approach, taking into account the uncertainties regarding the model's performance and market dynamics.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2000. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation of the data product while acknowledging the buyer's interest and the potential for improved predictive capabilities. It's a step towards a more reasonable agreement for both parties.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that recognizes the seller's recent valuation while still reflecting my need for a more significant price adjustment based on the data's limitations and potential.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2100. This price reflects the value of the data product while considering the improvements in predictive capabilities and the uncertainties we've discussed. I'm confident this is a fair midpoint as we move towards a resolution.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise given the improvements we've discussed while still acknowledging the uncertainties in the data product. Let's move closer to a resolution.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2050. This price reflects a balanced evaluation of the data product's value while acknowledging the buyer's perspective on market conditions and uncertainties. I believe this is a fair offer that encourages progress in our negotiations.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the seller¡¯s recent offer while also considering the value of the data product in light of its limitations. This amount demonstrates my commitment to moving forward in our negotiations.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2025. This price reflects my belief in the data product's value while also acknowledging the ongoing uncertainties in market conditions. I aim to find a balanced compromise that both parties can agree upon.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation of the data product while acknowledging the seller's concerns about market uncertainties. It represents a reasonable compromise that aligns with our previous discussions and demonstrates my commitment to reaching an agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2000. This price reflects a fair valuation of the data product while considering the ongoing negotiations and the limitations acknowledged by both parties. Let's find a resolution that satisfies us both.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this price better reflects the value of the data product while still acknowledging the seller's concerns. Let's move closer to an agreement that satisfies both parties.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1950. This price reflects a slight increase from the previous rounds while still acknowledging the buyer's concerns about data limitations and market conditions. It's a reasonable compromise that allows us to move forward in the negotiation.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1850. This price represents a fair compromise, acknowledging the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my concerns over the data's limitations. I believe this aligns well with our ongoing negotiations and would help us move forward effectively.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1900. I believe this price reflects a balanced consideration of the data product's value while acknowledging the limitations and uncertainties we've discussed. Let's find common ground and move forward.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1800. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between recognizing the inherent value of the data product while also considering the limitations we've discussed. It allows us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 1850. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's value and the market conditions we've discussed, while still acknowledging the limitations we've faced in the past negotiations. I believe this is a fair compromise that could lead us closer to an agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 1750. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between our respective valuations and acknowledges the ongoing concerns regarding the product's limitations. It reflects my willingness to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement while remaining mindful of the market conditions we've discussed.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects a reasonable consideration of the data product's value while acknowledging the ongoing negotiations and market conditions. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the worth of the data while still being mindful of the buyer's perspective.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the data product's value while still considering the uncertainties we've encountered in our negotiations. This offer shows my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement while acknowledging the limitations of the data.