Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity and a moderate market score of 0.5, indicating some demand. However, the short data life and the absence of critical traits like Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy suggest limitations in its long-term value and utility. Therefore, the price reflects a balance between potential and uncertainty.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be attractive to users looking for efficiency. The market score of 0.5 suggests a reasonable demand, but the short data life and medium data entropy may limit long-term value. Overall, the product has potential but with constraints, leading to a conservative price estimation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1720.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, and it captures the potential value of the product in a market with reasonable demand. Given the product's capabilities, I believe this is a fair starting point for negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. Given the limitations regarding the short data life and the absence of critical traits like Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy, I believe 1700 reflects a more realistic valuation for the product's potential and market position.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects a balance between the buyer's previous offer and the product's inherent value, while also considering the performance improvements that justify a slight increase.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1725. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still valuing the product's performance improvements. It's a fair middle ground that reflects my desire to reach an agreement without overshooting the budget.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the ongoing negotiation and the value of the product, considering the positive performance improvements mentioned while still being realistic.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1725. This price strikes a balance between the seller's offer and my understanding of the product's value, reflecting the recent positive performance improvements while remaining fair and reasonable in this negotiation.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1730. This price reflects a balanced approach, acknowledging the buyer's interest while also considering the product's inherent value and performance. I'm aiming for a fair agreement that recognizes the improvements while remaining realistic about the limitations.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1710. This price represents a fair compromise, taking into account the seller's recent offer while also reflecting my assessment of the product's value and performance. I'm hopeful this can lead us to a mutually beneficial agreement.