Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and medium data entropy, suggesting a reasonable quality of data. However, the NULL values in Model Performance Improvement and Data Life indicate uncertainty in its effectiveness and longevity, which affects its overall value. The market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand, further supporting a mid-range pricing.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates that the product has a decent improvement in performance, which is valuable. The medium data entropy suggests that the data is relatively complex, but not overly so, making it usable. However, the short data life limits its long-term value. The market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand, but the absence of history suggests uncertainty regarding past performance. Given these factors, the price reflects a balanced value for a product with potential but with limitations.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1675.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the valuable Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 and the complexity of the medium data entropy, showcasing its potential despite the limitations of short data life and moderate market demand.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. Given the uncertainties in Model Performance Improvement and Data Life, I believe this price more accurately reflects the overall value of the data product. While there is potential, the limitations you've mentioned suggest a more cautious investment.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. The value of the data product is significant, especially considering the model performance improvement and the medium data complexity. This price reflects a balanced approach, taking into account the buyer's interest and the potential uncertainties in the market.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. The value of the data product is indeed significant, but I believe my offer reflects a fair assessment of the medium data complexity while still considering the potential uncertainties in the market. I'm confident this price strikes a balance between our interests and could lead us closer to a deal.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1680. This price reflects the strong value of the data product while taking into account the medium data complexity and the importance of aligning our interests. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the potential benefits for both parties.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1670. This price reflects my recognition of the value provided by the data product while also taking into account the need for a balanced negotiation. It strikes a fair position between our previous offers, showing my willingness to collaborate while still aiming for a reasonable agreement.