Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a significant enhancement in performance, which is valuable to potential users. However, the absence of data on entropy, life, history, and market limits the overall assessment. Given that the MPI is a strong positive trait, the product can still command a reasonable price, but the uncertainty due to the NULL traits lowers the confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has a moderate model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates some effectiveness in enhancing performance. However, the data life is short, which might limit its long-term value. The medium data entropy suggests a balance in data variability, while the market score of 0.5 indicates a fair demand in its niche. Overall, the product shows potential but with limitations, justifying a mid-range price.', 'confidence': '70'}
Deal Price:1700.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate model performance improvement of our data product, indicating its potential effectiveness, while also considering the short data life and the fair market demand. I believe this is a compelling starting point for our negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. While I acknowledge the moderate model performance improvement, the short data life and the uncertain market demand lead me to believe a lower price is more appropriate. This price reflects my assessment of the product's overall value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects a balance between the moderate performance of the model and the feedback about market demand. It allows us to move forward while considering both parties' concerns.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. While I recognize the seller's reasoning for a higher price, the product's limited data life and the uncertainties in market demand lead me to propose a more competitive price that still reflects value for both parties.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects a balance between the model's moderate performance and the market demand, while also considering the buyer's concerns about data life and uncertainty. It positions us closer to a fair agreement while still valuing the data appropriately.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price acknowledges the seller's position while still reflecting my concerns about the data's short life and uncertain demand. It aims for a constructive compromise that values the product appropriately while remaining within a reasonable range.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1720. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the model's moderate performance and the current market demand, while also addressing the buyer's concerns about data lifespan and uncertainty.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1680. I believe this price strikes a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's position while reflecting my concerns about the data lifespan and the uncertain market demand.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1710. I believe this price reflects a strong balance between the product's moderate performance and current market demand while acknowledging the buyer's concerns regarding data lifespan. This offer is competitive and fair, setting the stage for a potential agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1690. I believe this price strikes a reasonable compromise between the seller's offer and my concerns regarding the product's data lifespan and market demand. It reflects an acknowledgment of the seller's position while still addressing my need for a more affordable option.