Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can attract interest in specific sectors looking for improvements. However, the short data life and lack of additional information (such as market demand and data entropy) limit the potential value. Given these factors, a price of 5000 is reasonable while considering the product's capabilities.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which suggests it has some effectiveness and could provide value in relevant applications. However, the medium data entropy indicates variability in data quality, and a short data life limits long-term usability. The market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand, which, combined with sufficient capacity, points towards a reasonable market price. The lack of historical data (NULL) introduces uncertainty, but overall, the product has potential for specific use cases.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1707.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement and potential value of the data product, despite its limitations. The market demand indicates that there is a willingness to invest in quality data, and I believe this price captures the product's worth effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. Given the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the limitations of the data product, I believe this price better reflects its true value in the current market.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's potential while acknowledging its limitations. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the value we both see in the data product.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1725. This price demonstrates my understanding of the product's potential while also considering the limitations highlighted. It strikes a balance between our previous offers and reflects my confidence in the value we both see in the data product.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance, reflecting both the model's performance and its potential value while also acknowledging the buyer's perspective.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1720. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the model's potential while acknowledging the seller's perspective on its limitations. It allows us to move closer to a deal while still valuing the product appropriately.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1725. This price reflects a balanced view of the product's potential and limitations, acknowledging the previous discussions while maintaining confidence in its value.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price reflects my belief in the value of the product while considering the seller's recent offer. It acknowledges the discussions we've had and aims to find a fair compromise that reflects both the potential and limitations of the data product.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1710. This price reflects a reasonable compromise, taking into account the buyer's previous offer while also acknowledging the value and potential of the data product. Let's move towards a resolution that benefits both parties.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1705. This price reflects my assessment of the value of the data product while still acknowledging the seller's recent offer of 1710. It represents a fair compromise that maintains a focus on both parties' interests and the potential benefits of this deal. Let's work towards a resolution.