Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_entrophy': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 and a market demand rating of 0.4, indicating some potential value in the market. However, the absence of key traits like Capacity, Data Entropy, Data Life, and History suggests that there is limited information about its overall effectiveness and longevity, which could hinder its perceived value. The expected price reflects a balance between the moderate performance metrics and the uncertainty due to the NULL traits.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The product has a notable Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating that it can enhance existing models effectively. With a long data life, it suggests longevity and reliability, which can be appealing in the market. However, the NULL values for capacity, data entropy, and history limit the completeness of the product's profile. The market value of 0.4 suggests a moderate demand, which also plays a role in the valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the exceptional Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, which demonstrates the product's capability to significantly enhance existing models. The long data life further substantiates its value, promising reliability and longevity in a competitive market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. Given the limited information about the product's overall effectiveness and longevity, along with the absence of key traits, my offer reflects a cautious approach to its potential value in the market.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. Given the strong model performance improvement and the long data life highlighted by the analyst offering 6000, I believe this price reflects a fair and competitive value while also considering the caution expressed by the analyst offering 4000. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges the potential while recognizing the uncertainties.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5700. This price reflects a solid balance between the strong model performance improvements and the long data life, while still acknowledging the cautious perspective regarding effectiveness and longevity. I believe this is a reasonable step towards a fair agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5600. This price reflects a strong compromise between the high value indicated by the model performance and the cautious approach suggested by the uncertainties. It maintains an attractive offer while recognizing the concerns shared by the analysts, positioning us for a successful deal.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5500. This price strikes a solid balance between the strong performance improvement noted by some analysts and the cautious concerns raised by others. It reflects a fair valuation while also ensuring we make progress towards closing the deal effectively.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5700. This price reflects a strong balance between the evident model performance improvements and the cautious concerns regarding longevity, making it a fair and attractive offer for both parties.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5600. This price strikes a solid compromise, reflecting the strong model performance improvements while addressing the cautious concerns regarding longevity. It¡¯s a fair and strategic offer, aiming to facilitate a successful deal for both parties.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5600. This price reflects a balanced approach, addressing both the strong model performance improvements and the valid concerns regarding longevity. It keeps the deal attractive and fair for both parties, facilitating a successful transaction.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5700. This price reflects a positive outlook on the strong model performance improvements while remaining mindful of the concerns regarding longevity. It represents a solid compromise that maintains an attractive value for both parties, facilitating a productive negotiation.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5700. This price reflects a balanced perspective between the strong model performance improvements and the concerns regarding longevity that have been raised. It represents a fair value for both parties and acknowledges the competitive landscape of the offers made thus far. Let's move forward with this reasonable compromise.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5600. This price strikes a solid balance between the strong model performance improvements we've discussed and the lingering concerns regarding longevity. It acknowledges the value of the product while being mindful of the competitive landscape and the varying perspectives presented by the analysts. Let's move forward with this fair and reasonable offer.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5700. This price reflects the strong model performance improvements while addressing the concerns about longevity that have been raised. It's a fair and competitive offer that acknowledges the value of the product while remaining attractive for all parties involved.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5600. This price maintains a solid balance between recognizing the strong model performance improvements while still considering the longevity concerns that have been expressed. It is a fair and competitive offer that aims to facilitate a successful deal for both parties involved.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5600. I believe this price reflects a balanced recognition of the strong model performance improvements and addresses the concerns regarding longevity. It is a fair value that can facilitate a successful deal for both parties involved.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price reflects a strong acknowledgment of the model's performance improvements while also addressing the longevity concerns that have been raised. It strikes a fair balance that should facilitate a successful conclusion to our negotiation.