Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate improvement in model performance (MPI of 0.25) and has enough capacity to be useful in practical applications. However, the medium data entropy suggests some complexity in the data, which could limit its appeal. The market rating of 0.5 indicates potential demand, but the NULL values for data life and history introduce uncertainty. Overall, the product has some valuable traits but lacks completeness, leading to a moderate price expectation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be appealing in certain markets. However, the data life being short suggests that the product may have limited longevity, which could affect its overall value. The market score of 0.5 indicates a moderate demand, but the medium data entropy and the lack of historical data create some uncertainty. Thus, while the product has potential, its short data life and absence of historical performance limit the expected price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1465.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the potential of the data product, considering its moderate performance improvement and the market's interest. While the data life may be short, the enhancement in performance can still attract buyers looking for timely insights.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. While the data product shows some potential with moderate performance improvement, the uncertainties regarding data life and the presence of NULL values limit its overall appeal. Considering these factors, I believe a lower offer is more reflective of its value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. The data product holds significant potential, and I believe this price reflects its value while considering the concerns about data life and NULL values. It¡¯s a fair compromise that acknowledges both the product¡¯s strengths and the uncertainties involved.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price strikes a balance that recognizes the product's potential while still being mindful of the concerns surrounding its performance and data integrity. It's a reasonable offer that reflects the value I see in the data product, and I hope it encourages a productive discussion.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1550. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the potential of the data product while still acknowledging the concerns about its performance. Let's find a middle ground that recognizes both the product's value and the uncertainties involved.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1500. This price acknowledges the seller's concerns while still reflecting my belief in the data product's potential. It's a reasonable compromise that recognizes both the value and the performance uncertainties. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1550. I believe this price strikes a fair compromise between the potential of the data product and the concerns regarding its performance issues. It's a reasonable step forward in our negotiation, considering both parties' perspectives.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price reflects a reasonable balance, acknowledging the product's potential while still addressing the performance concerns we've discussed. It's a strategic move that allows us to progress toward a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects the product's potential while acknowledging the performance concerns we've discussed. It's a step towards finding a fair compromise that benefits both parties.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price is a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's valuation while addressing the ongoing performance concerns we've discussed. This amount reflects my continued interest in the product and my willingness to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1500. I believe this price fairly respects the product's potential while addressing the existing performance concerns and uncertainties surrounding data quality. Let's work towards a resolution that benefits both parties.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1450. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the performance concerns while still valuing the potential of the data product. It's a step towards closing this deal and finding a solution that works for both of us.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1500. I believe this price fairly reflects the balance between the data product's potential and the ongoing concerns regarding its performance issues, while still allowing us to move forward in this negotiation.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1450. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's concerns regarding the performance issues while still reflecting the data product's potential. It's a step forward in our negotiation that shows I'm willing to compromise for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1480. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the buyer's concerns about performance while also recognizing the product's potential value. Let's move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1450. This price reflects my continued assessment of the product's potential and performance concerns, while also recognizing the seller's latest offer. I believe it provides a fair compromise as we work towards an agreement that benefits both parties.