Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'While several traits are NULL, the capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle the expected usage. However, the lack of information regarding model performance, data entropy, life, and market makes it difficult to fully assess its potential value. Therefore, the price reflects a baseline value for a data product with uncertain features.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be attractive in the market. The capacity is sufficient, and the medium data entropy and life suggest that the data product has a reasonable level of stability and relevance. The market score of 0.3 indicates some demand, though it is not exceptionally high. Overall, these factors contribute to a fair valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:14450.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the enhanced value of the data product, given its moderate performance improvement and reasonable stability. The demand in the market, while not exceptionally high, still warrants a competitive price point.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. Given the uncertainty surrounding the product's features, including the lack of detailed information on performance and market demand, my offer reflects a cautious approach to the perceived value of this data product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. This price reflects a significant reduction while still recognizing the enhanced value of the data product. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the buyer's concerns while also valuing the product appropriately.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the seller's acknowledgment of the product's value and my concerns regarding its performance. This offer reflects my willingness to negotiate while still being cautious about the investment.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price strikes a balance between the value of the data product and the concerns you've expressed. It reflects a fair compromise while still acknowledging the enhanced features and potential of the product. Let's move forward!
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I believe this price reflects my ongoing concerns about the product's performance while still recognizing the seller's valuation. It's a fair offer that aims to bridge our perspectives as we move forward in negotiations.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14550. This price reflects a slight increase from the previous round, recognizing the buyer's willingness to negotiate while still valuing the data product's potential.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price maintains a competitive edge while acknowledging the seller's recent offer. It reflects my recognition of the product's potential, and I hope it encourages a swift agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14575. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's value while still being competitive, as we¡¯ve seen some progress in our negotiations. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the buyer's concerns while highlighting the inherent value of the data product.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14475. This price reflects my ongoing assessment of the data product's value while still demonstrating my willingness to negotiate. I believe this amount strikes a balance between my concerns and the seller's valuation, keeping the conversation moving in a productive direction.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price fairly reflects the value of the data product while still being competitive, allowing us to move towards a resolution in our negotiations.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price signifies a fair compromise between our respective valuations while remaining competitive. It's a strategic move to keep the negotiations progressing towards a resolution.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14450. This price reflects my commitment to reach a fair agreement while considering the buyer's perspective and the ongoing negotiations. Let's find a resolution that benefits us both.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14350. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the seller's valuation while still considering my budget constraints. I am keen to find common ground and finalize this agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14475. This price reflects my confidence in the product's value while acknowledging the buyer's recent offers. I believe this is a reasonable compromise that can help us finalize the deal effectively.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14375. I believe this price is a reasonable step closer to a final agreement, reflecting both the value of the product and my ongoing consideration of the seller's previous offers. This slight reduction demonstrates my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial deal while being mindful of my budget constraints.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 14450. I believe this price reflects the product's solid value while acknowledging the buyer's concerns and the progression of our negotiations. It's a fair compromise that allows us to move forward effectively.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 14350. I believe this price is a reasonable step that acknowledges the seller's latest offer while still considering my budget constraints. It's a fair compromise that allows us to maintain momentum in our negotiations toward a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 14475. This price reflects a strong balance between recognizing the value of the data product and the ongoing negotiations. It's a reasonable step that acknowledges the buyer's constraints while still valuing the quality I bring to the table. Let's finalize this deal!
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 14425. This price demonstrates my commitment to securing a fair deal while still acknowledging the value of the data product. It's a reasonable adjustment that balances the seller's valuation with my budget constraints as we approach the final stages of negotiation. Let's come to an agreement.