Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be valuable in many data-driven applications. However, the lack of additional information (NULL traits) regarding data entropy, life, and history makes it difficult to ascertain the full potential and application of the product. Given the moderate MPI and the uncertain data context, a reasonable price reflects its potential usefulness without overestimating its value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a positive Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating that it offers some enhancement to model performance. The medium data entropy and medium data life suggest that the data is of reasonable quality and relevance over time, which adds to its value. However, the absence of historical data and the low market value of 0.3 indicates some risks, leading to a moderately conservative valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1625.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2000. This price reflects the positive Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, which indicates significant enhancement to model performance. The medium data entropy and reasonable quality over time further justify this valuation, despite the risks associated with the absence of historical data.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1800. While I appreciate the positive Model Performance Improvement and the mentioned quality, the absence of historical data raises concerns about the overall value. This adjusted price better reflects the uncertainties associated with the data product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1950. The significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 justifies a higher price, and I believe this is a fair compromise considering your concerns about historical data. Let's move forward with this deal.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1850. Given the seller's claim of a significant Model Performance Improvement, I believe my offer is a reasonable middle ground that reflects my concerns about the historical data while recognizing the value of the improvement. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1900. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the significant model performance improvement while addressing the buyer's concerns about historical data. Let's move forward with this reasonable offer.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1800. I believe this price strikes a balance between the significant model performance improvement and my concerns about the lack of historical data. While I appreciate the seller's perspective, I need to ensure the price reflects the overall value I perceive in this deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1850. This price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the model's performance improvement while addressing the buyer's concerns about historical data. It positions us closer to a deal that benefits both parties.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1750. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between acknowledging the seller's performance improvements and my ongoing concerns regarding the lack of historical data. It allows us to move forward while still being mindful of the overall value at stake.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects a significant consideration of the buyer's concerns about historical data while maintaining value for the model's performance improvements. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both perspectives.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the seller's offer of 1800 while still addressing my concerns about the historical data and its impact on the overall value of the model. This slight decrease shows my willingness to negotiate while remaining conscious of the model's performance improvements.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the buyer's concerns about historical data while also considering the improvements in model performance.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price effectively balances the seller's concerns about model performance improvements with my ongoing reservations regarding the lack of historical data. This offer demonstrates my willingness to negotiate while still protecting my interests in the deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1700. The previous offers indicate a willingness to negotiate, and I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the model's performance improvements and the buyer's concerns regarding historical data.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a reasonable adjustment, considering the ongoing negotiations and the need to address both the model's performance improvements and the concerns regarding the lack of historical data. This offer shows my willingness to meet the seller halfway while prioritizing value.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the performance improvements of the model, while also addressing the buyer's concerns about historical data. Let's move forward!
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my ongoing concerns about the historical data. It's a reasonable step forward in our negotiations, and I hope we can reach an agreement.