Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a decent enhancement in performance, which is a positive trait. However, the market score of 0.3 suggests that while there is some demand, it is relatively low. The lack of data entropy, data life, and history limits the overall assessment, but the existing traits suggest a moderate value in the market.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can enhance performance to some degree. The capacity is adequate, and the medium data entropy and life suggest that the data is relatively stable and usable. However, the absence of historical data limits confidence in its long-term reliability. The market score of 0.3 suggests there is some demand, but not overwhelming. Therefore, the expected price reflects a balance of potential value against the uncertainties.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1665.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, the adequate capacity, and the overall stability of the data, despite the absence of historical data. I believe this higher price is justified given the potential value and demand in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. While I acknowledge the moderate Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, the overall market demand appears limited, and I believe my offer reflects a more balanced valuation considering the absence of historical data and data entropy.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects a balance between the value of the data product and the buyer's concerns about demand. The moderate model performance improvement still holds significant potential, and I believe this offer is fair for both parties.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price reflects a reasonable valuation considering the limited historical data and the concerns about market demand that have been previously discussed. While I acknowledge the seller's perspective on potential value, my assessment leads me to believe that 1600 is a fair compromise given the current market conditions.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects a fair balance between our positions, considering the emerging market demand and the value of the data product, while still acknowledging the historical data limitations.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the value of the data product while still taking into account the limited historical data and market demand we discussed. Let's move forward and find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1680. I believe this price reflects a balanced view of the model's performance improvement and the current market conditions, while also considering the buyer's previous offer of 1650 as a reasonable starting point for negotiation.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between the seller's recent offer and my previous counter, reflecting the ongoing negotiations and the need for a fair evaluation of the product's value in the current market context.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1670. This price reflects a slight decrease while still considering the model's performance improvements and market potential, which I believe justifies a valuation above 1650. I think this is a fair compromise as we continue our negotiations.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1660. I believe this price represents a reasonable balance between the seller's latest offer and my previous valuation, considering the ongoing improvements and the market dynamics we have discussed. Let's keep moving forward with the negotiations.