Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate level of performance enhancement, which adds value to the product. The capacity being "enough" suggests that it can handle current demands, while a medium data life implies sustainability for use over time. However, the NULL values for Data Entropy and History introduce some uncertainty, but the market score of 0.3 indicates some demand. Therefore, the expected price reflects a balance between these factors.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The product demonstrates a decent Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which suggests it can provide measurable benefits to users. The "medium" data entropy and data life indicate a balanced quality and stability of the data. The market value of 0.3 shows some demand, but it is not exceptionally high. Overall, while there are some limitations due to the lack of historical data, the existing traits suggest a reasonable value for a niche market.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 9000. This price reflects the significant value of the data product, which demonstrates a decent Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, providing measurable benefits to users. The balanced quality and stability of the data, combined with a medium level of market demand, justify this premium price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. Given the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the uncertainties introduced by NULL values in Data Entropy and History, I believe this price reflects a fair starting point for negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 7500. This price reflects the substantial value of the data product and the significant improvement potential it offers, while also considering the buyer's concerns about uncertainties. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the quality of the data and the buyer¡¯s position.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 7400. I believe this price acknowledges the quality of the data product and the potential improvement it offers, while still considering the uncertainties that have been raised. It's a step closer to a fair deal that benefits both parties.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 7400. This price reflects a fair valuation of the data product considering its significant quality and potential for improvement, while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns. Let's move forward with this competitive offer.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 7300. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the seller's valuation while still considering the uncertainties surrounding the data product. I'm looking for a more favorable agreement that balances quality with my budget constraints. Let's find a middle ground that works for both parties.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 7400. This reflects the value of the data product while acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints. I'm confident this price offers a fair balance between quality and cost, and I believe it showcases the significant improvement potential of the product. Let's move forward with this offer.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 7200. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the need to balance quality with budget constraints. I value the potential of the data product, but I must also ensure it aligns with my financial considerations. Let's find a way to make this work.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 7300. This price reflects a balanced evaluation of the data product's quality and the buyer's budget constraints, which I've been considering throughout our negotiations. I believe this is a fair and reasonable offer that captures the value while also being competitive in our discussions.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 7100. I believe this price represents a fair compromise, acknowledging the seller's value while aligning with my budget constraints. It also reflects a slight increase from my last offer, demonstrating my willingness to negotiate further while still being cautious.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 7200. This price reflects a fair balance between the product's quality and the budget constraints presented in previous rounds. I'm confident that this is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges both the value of the data product and the buyer's concerns.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 7100. This price reflects my continued interest in reaching a fair agreement while also considering the quality of the product and the insights we've gained in prior negotiations. I believe this amount strikes a balance between the value offered and my budget constraints.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 7200. I believe this price reflects the quality of the data product and addresses the ongoing negotiations while still being competitive in the market.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 7100. I believe this price continues to reflect a reasonable balance between the quality of the data product and my budget constraints while also showing my willingness to negotiate further.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 7200. I believe this price reflects the quality of the data product while also accommodating the buyer's budget considerations. It represents a fair compromise that showcases the value of what I'm offering.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 7100. I believe this price represents a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's valuation while staying within my budget constraints. It reflects the quality of the data product while also considering the previous rounds of negotiation.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 7200. This price reflects the quality and potential of the data product while remaining within a reasonable range for both parties. Let's move forward and finalize this deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 7100. I believe this price is a fair compromise that acknowledges the quality of the data product while still being mindful of budget constraints. Let's move towards finalizing this deal.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 7200. I believe this price reflects the quality of the data product and aligns with our previous discussions, showing my willingness to find a fair compromise.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 7100. I believe this price represents a fair compromise between the quality of the data product and my budget constraints, while also reflecting our ongoing discussions and the seller's previous offers.