Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a model performance improvement of 0.25, which indicates a positive impact on its effectiveness, despite having medium data entropy and life. However, the lack of historical data and market specifics limits the potential valuation as it could affect demand and perceived value. Therefore, a conservative price reflecting its current attributes is justified.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating a moderate enhancement in performance that can attract potential users. The capacity is described as "enough," suggesting it can handle the required data load without issues. The market factor of 0.3 indicates a reasonable level of demand, although it is not exceptionally high. The medium data entropy and medium data life imply that the product is stable and has a decent lifespan, but the lack of historical performance data (NULL) creates some uncertainty. Overall, the combination of these traits suggests a moderate value in the current market context.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, as well as the product's capacity to handle the necessary data load effectively. Given the current market dynamics and the product's potential appeal, I believe this is a fair starting point for our negotiations.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. Given the model performance improvement of 0.25 and the medium data entropy and life, I believe this price reflects a conservative valuation considering the product's current attributes and the lack of historical data and market specifics that could affect its demand and perceived value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2000. Given the model's notable performance improvement and its increasing market appeal, I believe this price reflects a balanced valuation while still being fair.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this price effectively acknowledges the model's performance improvement while still being mindful of the market dynamics. It's a fair compromise that reflects the value of the product without overstating its current market potential.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2100. I believe this price reflects the growing recognition of the model's performance benefits and market potential while still being reasonable for both parties. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges the value of this opportunity.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2000. This price reflects my continued confidence in the model's performance benefits and market appeal while aiming for a pragmatic approach to our negotiations. Let's work towards closing this deal while acknowledging the value on both sides.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2050. I believe this price reflects the growing interest in our product while also being a reasonable step up from the previous negotiations. It acknowledges the improvements and potential market appeal while remaining grounded in the current dynamics.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's perspective while still reflecting my valuation based on the product's potential and market dynamics. It¡¯s a fair step back from my previous offer, showing my willingness to engage in a constructive dialogue.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2025. This price reflects a slight increase, acknowledging the buyer's recognition of the model's improvements while still maintaining a firm stance that considers the overall market conditions and historical data.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation considering the model's performance improvements and market appeal, while still allowing room for negotiation.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2020. Given the current market conditions and the ongoing improvements in the model's performance, I believe this is a fair and reasonable price that reflects both the product's value and our negotiations thus far.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1910. I believe this reflects a fair valuation considering the ongoing improvements in the model's performance and maintains a competitive edge in our negotiations.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2000. This reflects a balanced approach considering the product's improvements and market appeal, while also acknowledging the buyer's previous offer and keeping a reasonable margin in our negotiations.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1900. This price recognizes the seller's valuation while still reflecting my commitment to a fair deal, considering the improvements and market dynamics at play. It's a step towards a resolution that respects both parties' perspectives and keeps us moving forward in the negotiation.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2000. This price reflects the balance between the product's market appeal and the competitive factors we've discussed, while also acknowledging the buyer's perspective. Let's move forward and find common ground.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1900. This price takes into account the seller's latest offer while still reflecting my view of the product's value and market conditions. I believe it's a fair compromise that allows us to move forward towards a successful agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 2000. I believe this price reflects the model's improvements and market appeal while balancing both of our perspectives. Let's find a resolution that works for both parties.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's perspective while also reflecting my continued confidence in the product's value and market appeal. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 1990. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while acknowledging the buyer's perspective. It also aligns closely with the previous offers and maintains my confidence in the model's appeal in the current market.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 1880. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise while acknowledging the seller's last offer of 1990. It's a fair valuation considering the ongoing negotiation dynamics and my assessment of the product's worth in the market.