Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 suggests a reasonable enhancement over baseline models, which can attract interest in a competitive market. Although the market score is only 0.3, indicating limited demand, the low data entropy and sufficient capacity may make the product appealing for certain applications. The medium data life allows for some longevity in use, but the lack of historical data limits confidence. Overall, the product has potential but is not without its limitations.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement is reasonable at 0.2, and the capacity is sufficient. However, the low data entropy suggests that the data is relatively stable, which can be a positive attribute. The medium data life indicates that the product has some longevity but is not cutting-edge. The market score of 0.3 indicates a lower demand, which slightly dampens the valuation. Overall, the combination of these factors leads to a moderate price expectation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 4000. This price reflects the considerable value our data product provides, including the reasonable model performance improvement and sufficient capacity. Given the data's stability and moderate longevity, I believe this price is justified in the current market context.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. The substantial gap between my valuation and your offer reflects my perception of the market's limited demand and the product's limitations. I believe this price aligns more closely with the current context and potential applications of the data.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 3500. This price reflects the true value of the data product while remaining competitive in light of the buyer's concerns. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the quality of the product and the buyer's perspective.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 3400. This price acknowledges the seller's position while still reflecting my concerns about the product's limitations and the current market demand. I believe this is a reasonable step towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 3400. The previous offer from the buyer indicates they are close to my valuation, and I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the product's potential and the current market conditions.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 3300. This price acknowledges the seller's perspective while still reflecting my concerns about the product's limitations and the market demand. I believe this is a reasonable compromise that takes us closer to a fair agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 3350. The price reflects a reasonable adjustment, considering the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's concerns about the product's limitations while still valuing its potential in the market.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 3250. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, taking into account both the seller's adjustments and my ongoing concerns regarding the product's limitations. It maintains a reasonable distance from the seller's latest offer while still demonstrating my commitment to closing the deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 3300. This price represents a fair adjustment based on our previous discussions and acknowledges the product's value while considering the buyer's concerns about its limitations.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 3200. This price reflects a more reasonable adjustment given the ongoing discussions and takes into account the product's limitations while still recognizing its value. I believe this offer balances both our perspectives effectively.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 3250. I believe this price strikes a balance between the product's inherent value and the adjustments made in previous negotiations, while still addressing the buyer's concerns about market demand and limitations.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 3150. I believe this price maintains a fair compromise, considering the seller's latest offer of 3250 while still addressing my concerns about the product's limitations and market demand. This adjustment reflects my willingness to negotiate while remaining cautious.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 3200. This price reflects my willingness to find a middle ground while still recognizing the value of the data product. I believe it accommodates both our perspectives and keeps the negotiation moving forward.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 3100. I believe this price reflects a fair adjustment given the previous discussions and acknowledges the seller's willingness to find a compromise. It also takes into account the product's limitations while still recognizing its value. Let¡¯s keep the negotiation moving forward.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 3150. This price reflects the ongoing negotiations and acknowledges both the product's value and the buyer's concerns about its limitations. Let's find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 3050. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise based on our ongoing negotiations and the product's limitations. I'm confident this is a step towards reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 3100. This price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging both the product's inherent value and the buyer's concerns regarding its limitations. Let's work towards closing this deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 3000. This price takes into account the ongoing negotiations and the need for a balanced agreement that recognizes both the product's limitations and market realities. I believe this is a reasonable step towards finalizing our deal.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 3050. This price reflects a balanced compromise considering the product's value and the buyer's previous concerns about its limitations. It's a step towards a mutually beneficial agreement while acknowledging the realities of the market.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 2950. This price is a strategic adjustment reflecting my ongoing concerns about the product's limitations while still acknowledging the seller's recent offer. I believe it's a fair compromise that keeps us moving toward a mutually beneficial agreement without straying too far from previous discussions.