Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has medium data life and sufficient capacity, which indicates it can be utilized effectively over a reasonable timeframe. However, the absence of critical traits such as Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, History, and Market limits the potential for higher valuation. Given these uncertainties, the price reflects a moderate value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a decent uplift in performance, which is valuable for potential users. Additionally, the medium data entropy and medium data life suggest that the product has a reasonable level of data quality and longevity. While the market score of 0.4 is not particularly high, it indicates some level of demand. However, the lack of historical data is a concern, limiting the confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:5225.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the significant value of the data product, considering its model performance improvement of 0.25 and reasonable data quality. The uplift in performance is attractive to potential users, and I believe this price captures the potential benefits effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4800. This price reflects my assessment of the data product's moderate value given its medium data life and sufficient capacity, while also considering the absence of critical traits like Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy. I believe this offer is reasonable and aims to reach a fair deal.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects a more balanced assessment of the data's value, considering its potential for performance improvement and the medium data life. Let's move forward with this reasonable midpoint.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the value of the data and its potential, while still acknowledging the seller's perspective on its medium data life. Let's work together towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5450. This price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the buyer's previous offer while still valuing the unique potential of the data product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the data's value while remaining competitive. It acknowledges the seller's recent offer and ensures we continue progressing towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5425. I believe this price reflects the value of the data while still being competitive. It shows flexibility on my part, and I hope it encourages a constructive agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price is competitive and reflects my consistent assessment of the data's value, while also aiming to foster a collaborative spirit in our negotiations.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5400. I believe this price strikes a fair balance considering the recent evaluations and the ongoing negotiations. It reflects the data's value while allowing us to move closer to a mutually satisfactory agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5350. I believe this price maintains a competitive stance while demonstrating my willingness to negotiate further toward a mutually beneficial agreement. It reflects my assessment of the data's value and aims to keep the discussions moving forward.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5350. This price reflects my assessment of the data's value while also considering the buyer's previous offer. I believe this is a competitive and reasonable price that moves us closer to an agreement. Let's find common ground.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price demonstrates my commitment to reaching a fair agreement while still recognizing the value of the data. It reflects my assessment of the ongoing negotiation and aims to move us closer to a mutually beneficial deal. Let's finalize this!
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5300. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the data while also being competitive in the current market context. Let¡¯s work towards a successful agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5200. I believe this price still recognizes the value of the data while providing a more competitive edge. It reflects my willingness to negotiate and move closer to an agreement. Let's continue to work towards a successful deal.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5250. I believe this price balances the need to reflect the inherent value of the data while remaining competitive in our negotiations. It acknowledges the buyer's last offer of 5200 while showing a willingness to move slightly higher for a constructive deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5200. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the data's value while remaining consistent with my previous offers. It demonstrates my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement and acknowledges the seller's willingness to negotiate.