Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and medium data entropy, which indicates it can handle a reasonable amount of variability in the data. However, the null values for Model Performance Improvement and Data Life suggest that the product lacks key performance indicators and longevity, which could impact its usability and attractiveness in the market. The market value of 0.4 indicates a moderate demand, but not strong. Therefore, the expected price reflects these factors.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product exhibits a Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates a moderate level of improvement that can attract interest in the market. The capacity is sufficient, and the market rating of 0.4 suggests there is demand for this type of product. However, the medium data entropy and medium data life could imply that while the product is functional, it may not have a significant competitive edge or longevity. The lack of historical data limits the confidence in the valuation, but the existing traits still suggest a reasonable price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the moderate level of performance improvement and the current market demand for this type of data product. The MPI of 0.25 indicates that there is potential value here, and I believe my offer captures that potential effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. Given the lack of key performance indicators and the moderate market demand, I believe this price reflects the product's actual value more accurately. The high initial offer of 6000 seems excessively optimistic, and I'm willing to negotiate to find a more reasonable price.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2000. Given the current market dynamics and the potential value of this data product, I believe this is a fair compromise that reflects both the performance improvement and the realities of our previous discussions.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this price reflects a reasonable balance between the potential value of the data product and the feedback we¡¯ve discussed. It shows my willingness to engage while still recognizing the need for a fair deal for both parties.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2100. Given the market dynamics and the feedback we've received, I believe this price represents a fair compromise while reflecting the value of the data product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while considering the market dynamics we've discussed. It shows my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2050. This price reflects a fair compromise, taking into account the buyer's previous offer and the value of the product we are negotiating.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2000. This price reflects my understanding of the product's value and aligns closely with our previous discussions, acknowledging the seller's last offer while still aiming for a reasonable compromise.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2025. This price reflects a reasonable adjustment considering our previous discussions and the balance of value and market dynamics. Let's move forward with a fair compromise.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price strikes a fair balance based on our previous discussions and reflects my understanding of the product's value in the current market. Let's continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2010. This price reflects a reasonable adjustment considering the previous offers and the ongoing discussions about the product's value in the market. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the buyer's perspective while also emphasizing the quality and potential of the product.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's latest offer of 2010 and my previous offers, while still recognizing the value of the product in the context of our discussions. This adjustment reflects my commitment to reaching a fair agreement that respects both our positions.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2000. This price represents a balanced view of the product's value, considering both my previous offers and the feedback from our discussions. It reflects a fair compromise, allowing us to move forward without further delay.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this price demonstrates my willingness to compromise while still reflecting the product's value based on our ongoing discussions. It allows us to progress towards an agreement that satisfies both parties.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1950. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise between our previous discussions and acknowledges the value of the product while still being mindful of market conditions. Let's find a middle ground that works for both of us.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1850. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, acknowledging the seller's offer while still being aligned with the value I see in the product. This adjustment reflects my willingness to negotiate and find a suitable agreement for both parties.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 1900. This price reflects my belief in the product's value while also considering the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's most recent offer. I'm looking for a fair compromise that acknowledges the market dynamics we've discussed.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 1800. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's position and my understanding of the product's value in the current market context. It's a reasonable step forward that reflects my willingness to negotiate while still aiming for a favorable outcome.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 1850. This price is a reasonable adjustment that reflects the ongoing negotiations while acknowledging the buyer's interest in a fair compromise. It shows my willingness to collaborate while still valuing the product appropriately.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 1750. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the ongoing negotiations and the value of the product, while also reflecting my commitment to reach a mutually agreeable outcome.