Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity and medium data entropy and life, indicating it can handle a reasonable volume of data with some complexity. However, the NULL values for Model Performance Improvement and History suggest uncertainty in its effectiveness and track record, which limits the overall valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates some effectiveness. The capacity is adequate, and while data entropy and life are medium, the market score of 0.4 suggests a reasonable demand. However, the lack of historical data limits the confidence in its long-term effectiveness. Overall, the value is balanced by these factors, leading to a reasonable expected price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1675.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate model performance improvement of our data product, combined with its adequate capacity and reasonable market demand, justifying a premium for its unique value proposition.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. While the seller highlights the moderate model performance and unique value, the uncertainty indicated by the NULL values in model performance improvement and history suggests a lower risk for me as a buyer. Hence, a price of 1600 reflects the value I see in the data product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects the moderate performance of the data product while acknowledging your concerns about the performance metrics. This is a fair compromise that captures the unique value of the offering.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's perspective while still reflecting my concerns about the data product's performance metrics. This price allows us to move forward while recognizing the value of the offering.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1680. This price reflects a balanced approach, considering the moderate performance of the data product while still acknowledging the buyer's perspective and previous offers.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1670. This price reflects my assessment of the data product's moderate performance and is a reasonable compromise, keeping in mind the seller's previous offer of 1680 while still aligning with my budget constraints.