Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be valuable depending on the application. However, the absence of data on data entropy, data life, history, and market limits the ability to assess the full potential value of the product. Given these considerations, a cautious mid-range price is justified.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can attract interest from potential users. The medium data entropy and medium data life suggest a reasonable level of complexity and usability in the data product. However, the absence of historical data may limit its perceived reliability and market acceptance. Given the market rating of 0.4, there is potential for demand, but it¡¯s not exceptionally high. Therefore, the expected price reflects a balance between the product's strengths and its limitations.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:16875.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 20000. This price reflects the significant value of the data product, considering its moderate performance improvement and usability features. It's a strategic starting point to engage in this negotiation and explore the potential for reaching an agreement.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 14000. Given the moderate enhancement in performance and the lack of comprehensive data metrics, this price reflects a cautious yet fair assessment of the product's value. I'm looking to find a balanced agreement that acknowledges both the product's potential and the current uncertainties.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 17000. The data product has significant potential, and I believe my revised price reflects its value while considering the enhancements and the market's current demand.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 16800. The seller's revised price shows a good understanding of the product's potential, but I believe my offer reflects a more grounded valuation while still recognizing the enhancements and current market dynamics.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 16900. This price reflects the enhancements we've made to the data product while also considering the buyer's previous offer of 16800, which is close to my current valuation. I'm confident this price strikes a balance between fair value and the product's potential in the market.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 16850. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the seller's enhancements while still prioritizing the value I see in the data product. This keeps us moving closer to a deal without straying too far from my previous offers.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 16950. I believe this price reflects the enhancements made to the data product while still being a fair negotiation point in light of the buyer's last offer of 16850. Let's move closer to a deal that acknowledges the product's value!
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 16900. I believe this price is a fair compromise that acknowledges the enhancements made to the data product while still aligning closely with my previous offer. Let's find common ground and finalize this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 16950. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product considering the enhancements made and the previous offers exchanged, providing a fair compromise for both parties.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 16850. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the enhancements made to the data product and the previous offers exchanged. It acknowledges the value while still being within a reasonable range for both parties.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 16900. I believe this price reflects the enhancements made to the data product while also acknowledging the buyer's previous offer of 16850. It represents a fair compromise considering the market dynamics and the product's improved performance.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 16850. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the enhancements made to the data product while still respecting my previous offers. It reflects my continued interest in securing a fair deal that aligns with the market dynamics and the product's performance.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 16950. This price reflects the value of the enhancements made to the data product while also considering the buyer's last offer of 16900. It presents a fair opportunity for both parties to finalize the deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 16800. I believe this price acknowledges the enhancements made to the data product while also reflecting my previous offers. It¡¯s a reasonable compromise that aims to facilitate a swift agreement between us.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 16900. I believe this price reflects the enhancements made to the data product while remaining competitive in the ongoing negotiations. It's a fair compromise considering the buyer's previous offers.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 16850. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the enhancements to the data product and my budget considerations. It reflects my recognition of the product's value while also acknowledging the seller's latest offer.