Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 suggests a moderate enhancement in performance, which is valuable in many data-driven applications. However, the lack of information regarding Data Life, History, and Market creates uncertainty about long-term viability and demand. Despite these gaps, the product\'s "enough" capacity and medium data entropy indicate a reasonable level of utility, leading to a moderate price expectation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '8000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a decent enhancement, which can attract interest in a competitive market. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle a reasonable workload, while medium data entropy and life imply a balanced level of complexity and longevity. The market value of 0.4 is a positive sign of demand. However, the lack of historical data (NULL) does introduce some uncertainty about the product\'s track record. Overall, the combination of the traits suggests a solid product with potential interest, justifying an expected price of 8000.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:4760.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 9000. This price reflects the strong potential of the data product, considering its decent Model Performance Improvement and balanced complexity. The market demand also supports a higher valuation, and I believe this price captures the product's value effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. While I acknowledge the potential of the data product, the price you've set is significantly higher than my valuation. Given the uncertainties regarding the data's long-term viability and the lack of comprehensive market insights, my offer reflects a more cautious approach to this investment.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the strong potential and market demand you've highlighted, while also addressing my concerns about long-term viability. I'm confident this is a fair midpoint that acknowledges both our perspectives.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between valuing the data product's potential and acknowledging the seller's concerns about long-term viability. It reflects my commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement while remaining cautious about the uncertainties presented.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5000. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the market potential and the uncertainties we discussed, while still showing confidence in the product's value.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that reflects my assessment of the product's value while considering the uncertainties we've discussed. It shows my willingness to engage further and find common ground in our negotiations.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 4900. I believe this price reflects a balanced approach considering both market potential and the uncertainties we¡¯ve discussed. It shows my willingness to negotiate while still valuing the product appropriately.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between our previous discussions, acknowledging the seller's concerns while still valuing the potential of the data product. It shows my continued commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 4850. This price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the buyer's interest while still maintaining a cautious approach to the uncertainties in the market. It positions us closer to a deal while ensuring I still receive fair value for the data product.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4750. This price reflects my continued interest in reaching a fair agreement while acknowledging the seller's cautious approach. It represents a reasonable step down from my previous offers, and I believe it positions us closer to finalizing this deal while still considering the market uncertainties.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's consistent interest. It's a fair midpoint that acknowledges both the market potential and the uncertainties we've discussed.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4750. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's position while still reflecting my strong desire to finalize this deal. It shows that I'm willing to meet them close to their offer while also considering my own valuation of the data product.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4780. This price reflects my consideration of the ongoing negotiations and market dynamics while still acknowledging the buyer's interest. I believe this is a fair step towards closing the deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4750. This price reflects my continued interest in securing the deal while taking into account the seller's latest offer. I believe it strikes a balance between our negotiations and allows us to move closer to an agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4770. I believe this price reflects a reasonable adjustment considering our ongoing discussions and the buyer's consistent offer of 4750. It allows us to inch closer to an agreement while still valuing the potential of the data product.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4750. I believe this price reflects my consistent interest and commitment to finalizing a deal while taking into account the seller's recent offer. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the ongoing negotiations and still respects the value of the data product.