Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a reasonable enhancement capability, while the medium data entropy and medium data life suggest that the product has a decent level of complexity and longevity. The market factor of 0.4 indicates a moderate demand, which supports a viable price. However, the absence of historical data means there is some level of uncertainty.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates it can provide some value to users. Additionally, the market rating of 0.4 suggests there is some demand for products in this space. However, the medium data entropy and life could limit its long-term utility. The lack of historical data (NULL) makes it difficult to assess its past performance, leading to a cautious valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1475.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate model performance improvement and the existing market demand for data products in this space, despite some limitations. It's a fair starting point for the value this product can deliver.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. I believe this price reflects the moderate model performance improvement and the uncertainties surrounding the product due to the lack of historical data. While I acknowledge the seller's point about market demand, I think my offer is fair considering the risks involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects the value of the product while considering the market demand and performance improvements. It also allows us to make progress in our negotiations without risking a deal over minor differences.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the seller's offer and my initial position, reflecting the value of the product while still acknowledging the risks involved. This adjustment shows my willingness to negotiate and move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1550. This price reflects a balanced approach, recognizing the potential of the product while still considering the uncertainties that exist in the market. It aims for a fair compromise that acknowledges both the buyer's interest and the seller's position.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1500. This price is a strategic move that reflects my assessment of the product's potential while acknowledging the seller's concerns about market uncertainties. It demonstrates my willingness to engage in a fair negotiation, aiming to bridge our positions effectively.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1550. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the product's potential and the market uncertainties we've discussed. It reflects the improvements while acknowledging the risks involved.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, considering the seller's recent offer and the ongoing discussions about the product's potential and associated risks. It's a balanced approach that acknowledges both parties' perspectives.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1525. This price reflects a balanced approach, considering the buyer's interest while still acknowledging the risks and uncertainties surrounding the product. It allows for a fair negotiation space while maintaining a sense of value for what is being offered.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the product's potential and the market uncertainties we've discussed. It reflects my willingness to negotiate while valuing what is being offered.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1500. This price reflects a balance between the product's potential value and the market uncertainties we've discussed. It allows us to move forward while recognizing the need for both parties to feel satisfied with the deal.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1450. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's position while still valuing the product's potential. It acknowledges the need for a fair compromise, allowing us to progress towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1500. This price reflects my assessment of the product's value while considering the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's last offer of 1450. I believe this is a fair and reasonable compromise that acknowledges both parties' interests.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1450. I believe this price takes into account my previous offer and allows for a reasonable negotiation space while still reflecting the product's value and the risks involved. It's a balanced approach that acknowledges both our positions.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1480. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between acknowledging the buyer's perspective and recognizing the continued risks associated with the product. It reflects a willingness to negotiate while ensuring that I am not undervaluing the potential of the offering.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1470. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's position while still considering the product's potential value. It allows for a fair negotiation that respects the risks involved, yet moves closer to a final agreement.