Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'Despite several NULL traits, the product is described as having adequate capacity, which suggests it can handle a reasonable workload or user base. This indicates some potential value. However, the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, Data Life, History, and Market limits the confidence in this valuation.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.25 indicates a decent value for enhancement, while the medium data entropy and life suggest that the product has some stability and usability. The market score of 0.5 indicates there is moderate demand for this type of product. However, the lack of historical data reduces the confidence in long-term performance, but the other traits suggest a reasonable market value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1625.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2000. This price reflects the considerable value of the data product, given its potential performance improvement of 0.25 and the medium data entropy indicating stability and usability. The market demand score of 0.5 suggests a decent interest in this type of product, and I believe this price captures its worth effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1800. While I appreciate the seller's perspective on the product's potential performance improvement and medium data entropy, I must emphasize that my confidence in the valuation remains low due to the lack of critical metrics. Therefore, I believe a lower price reflects a more realistic assessment of the product's current value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1900. The data product has great potential, and I'm willing to adjust my price to reflect that while still being mindful of the missing metrics. Let's find a fair compromise.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1850. I believe this price reflects the potential of the data product while also taking into account the concerns regarding the missing metrics. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1900. I believe this price reflects the potential of the data product while also considering the concerns about the missing metrics. It strikes a balance between acknowledging the buyer's interest and ensuring a fair value for both parties.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1800. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's concerns about the missing metrics while still reflecting the value of the data product. It allows us to move closer to an agreement and recognizes the potential of the product in the market.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1850. The buyer's last offer of 1800 shows a willingness to negotiate, and I believe this revised price reflects a fair compromise considering the potential of the data product despite the missing metrics.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation of the data product, considering its potential while still addressing the concerns over the missing metrics. It's a reasonable compromise that moves us closer to an agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects a balanced approach considering the buyer's previous offers and the ongoing discussion about the product's potential and the missing metrics. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the value while addressing concerns.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price acknowledges the seller's concerns while still reflecting my belief in the data product's substantial potential. I'm looking for a fair compromise that addresses the ongoing discussions about its value and missing metrics.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the data product's value, considering the ongoing concerns about its missing metrics while still recognizing its potential in the market. Let's aim for a reasonable compromise.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price offers a fair compromise considering the ongoing concerns about the missing metrics while still acknowledging the data product's potential value in the market. Let's continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects a more optimistic view of the product's potential while still considering the concerns raised about the missing metrics. It serves as a reasonable compromise aimed at moving forward in our negotiations.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price presents a more competitive stance while still acknowledging the product's potential and the existing concerns regarding missing metrics. I'm committed to finding a mutually beneficial agreement and hope this offer will encourage progress in our negotiations.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price represents a fair compromise considering the ongoing discussions and the market potential of the product, while also addressing the concerns regarding missing metrics. Let's work towards closing this deal effectively.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this reflects a reasonable compromise considering the seller's recent offer and the ongoing discussions about the product's value and potential. While I recognize the concerns regarding missing metrics, I'm confident that this price aligns with our previous negotiations and the market context. Let's aim to finalize this deal effectively.