Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '500', 'reason': "The market score of 0.5 indicates a moderate level of demand, but the lack of information on critical traits such as Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, Data Life, and History significantly limits the product's perceived value. With many traits being NULL, the uncertainty reduces confidence in the valuation.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a decent level of enhancement over previous models, which can attract users looking for improved solutions. The capacity being "enough" suggests the product is capable of handling a reasonable amount of data, and while the data entropy and life are only medium, they still provide a solid foundation for usability. The market score of 0.5 reflects a moderate demand. Overall, the product has potential but lacks comprehensive historical data to support a higher valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:825.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant potential of our data product, particularly with its Model Performance Improvement and reasonable capacity, making it an attractive solution for users seeking enhanced data capabilities.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 300. Given the lack of critical information on Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, Data Life, and History, the perceived value of the data product is significantly diminished. Therefore, I believe that a starting price of 300 reflects a more realistic valuation based on the current uncertainties.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1500. I believe this price reflects the significant value and potential of the data product while still addressing the buyer's concerns about critical information. It strikes a balance between our positions and opens the door for a productive negotiation.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 700. While I understand the seller's perspective on the value of the data product, the lack of critical information still significantly impacts its overall worth. My offer reflects a more balanced view of the current situation and acknowledges the need for a fair negotiation moving forward.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1200.0. This price reflects the considerable value and potential of the data product while still acknowledging the buyer's concerns regarding missing information. It represents a fair compromise that keeps our negotiation moving forward.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1100.0. This price acknowledges the seller's potential value of the data product while still reflecting my concerns about the missing information. It¡¯s a reasonable step forward in our negotiation.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1150. This price reflects the value of the data product while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about missing critical information. I believe this is a fair midpoint that recognizes the potential of the product while being considerate of the buyer's position. Let's move forward with this negotiation.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1050. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's valuation of the data product and my concerns regarding the missing critical information. It reflects a reasonable compromise as we move toward a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1100. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the data product's potential, while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about missing information. Let's move forward to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1000. This price represents a reasonable compromise that recognizes the potential of the data product while still reflecting my concerns about the missing information. Let's work together to finalize this deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1050. I believe this price strikes a balance between the product's value and the buyer's concerns about missing information. It reflects a reasonable step towards a fair compromise while acknowledging the potential of the data product.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 950. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting the significant concerns I have regarding the missing information. It is a reasonable step towards a fair compromise and allows for further negotiation in the upcoming rounds.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1000. I believe this price reflects the inherent value of the data product while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about missing information. It represents a fair compromise that allows us to move forward in this negotiation.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 900. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's offer while still reflecting the ongoing concerns about the missing critical information. It's a reasonable step toward finding common ground in this negotiation.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 950. This price reflects a reasonable compromise, considering the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's concerns about missing information. I believe this is a fair value for the data product while still recognizing its potential.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 850. I believe this price reflects my continued concerns regarding the missing information while still valuing the data product. It¡¯s a step closer to a fair compromise, acknowledging the seller's position while ensuring that my interests are adequately protected.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 900. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while still acknowledging the buyer's concerns about the missing information. Let's move towards closing this deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 800. I believe this price is a reasonable step towards closing the deal while still considering the seller's previous offers and my concerns about the missing information. Let's find a way to finalize this transaction.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 850. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, taking into account the buyer's ongoing concerns while recognizing the inherent value of the data product. Let's finalize this deal.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 800. I believe this price is a reasonable step towards finalizing the deal while still acknowledging the value of the data product and the concerns expressed throughout our negotiations. Let's come to a mutually beneficial agreement.