Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a medium data entropy and sufficient capacity, which indicates that it can handle a reasonable amount of data and complexity. However, the NULL traits suggest a lack of information about performance improvements, data life, history, and market context, which limits the overall valuation. Given these factors, the expected price reflects a moderate value in a potentially competitive market.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates that it can enhance performance to some degree. The capacity is sufficient, and medium data entropy and life suggest that the product has a reasonable level of usability and longevity. The market score of 0.5 implies a moderate demand, which supports a decent valuation. However, the lack of historical data limits confidence in the product's performance over time.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1655.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the reasonable usability and longevity of the product. Given the moderate demand indicated by the market score, I believe this valuation is justified.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. This price reflects my assessment of the product's medium data entropy and the uncertainties surrounding its performance improvements and market context. Given these factors, I believe this offer is a fair starting point for our negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700.0. This price reflects the strong potential of the product, considering its moderate performance improvements and reasonable usability. It strikes a balance between our previous discussions and allows us to move forward toward a successful deal.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600.0. This price reflects my assessment of the product's value considering the moderate performance improvements and usability factors discussed. It allows us to progress while being reasonable in light of the previous offers.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects the ongoing assessment of value considering the moderate performance improvements and usability discussed previously, while still aiming for a fair deal that recognizes the potential of the product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price reflects my assessment of the product's potential while taking into account the moderate performance improvements discussed. I believe this is a fair offer that acknowledges the value of the product in our negotiations.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1700. The product has demonstrated strong potential and improved usability, which aligns with the buyer's previous assessment. This price reflects a fair value considering the recent discussions and market dynamics.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1650. The product shows promise, and while I recognize the seller's perspective on its potential and usability, my assessment still leads me to a slightly lower valuation. This price reflects a balance between the demonstrated improvements and our previous discussions.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1680. The product has shown consistent performance improvements and strong potential, which justifies a price that reflects its value. This offer allows us to move closer to a fair agreement while considering the buyer's perspective as well.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects the product's potential while also considering the recent offers. It aligns with my assessment of its performance improvements and usability, making it a fair point for both parties to continue the negotiation towards a successful agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1660. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's strong potential and the buyer's previous offers. It allows room for negotiation while acknowledging the value and usability of the product.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects the product's strong potential while still being reasonable given the previous offers. It acknowledges the value and usability of the product while allowing us to move closer to an agreement.