Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product has a medium data entropy and sufficient capacity, suggesting it has some potential value. However, the lack of information regarding model performance improvement and data life limits confidence in its overall effectiveness. The market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand, suggesting that while there is potential, it may not be fully realized without further information.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.25 suggests that the product can enhance performance significantly, which is attractive in a market with a moderate demand score of 0.5. The medium data entropy and medium data life indicate a balanced risk and longevity, while having enough capacity means it can handle the data requirements. However, the absence of historical data creates uncertainty, limiting confidence.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1727.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant performance improvement potential of the product, along with its balanced risk factors and capacity to meet data requirements. Given the moderate demand in the market, I believe this is a strong starting point for our negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. The product has potential, but I still have some reservations regarding its overall effectiveness and the lack of information about model performance. Given these factors, I believe a price of 1700 aligns better with the current market dynamics.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects the strong performance potential and balances the risks involved, while still accommodating the buyer¡¯s interest. Let's move forward with a fair compromise here.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1725. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between the seller's expectations and the value I see in the data product, considering its potential while keeping my budget in mind. Let's continue to negotiate towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects the strong performance potential while maintaining a fair balance between both parties' interests. It allows us to move forward confidently while still being mindful of value.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1720. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between our previous negotiations while acknowledging the performance potential that the seller has highlighted. It allows us to make progress in this deal while being mindful of our budget considerations.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1735. This price reflects a fair compromise while acknowledging the buyer¡¯s interest and emphasizing the product's strong performance potential.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1720. This price reflects my continued belief in the strong performance potential of the product while also being considerate of budget constraints. I believe it strikes a fair balance that acknowledges the value while keeping us aligned in our negotiations.