Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate level of effectiveness, which can be appealing in certain markets. However, the lack of information regarding Data Entropy, Data Life, History, and Market limits the overall assessment of the product's potential value. Considering these factors, the expected price reflects a cautious optimism based on the existing MPI.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.25 indicates a decent enhancement, which is valuable. The market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand, and while the data entropy and life are medium, they do not detract significantly from the overall value. However, the lack of historical data (NULL) slightly lowers confidence in the product¡¯s reliability.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1525.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant value of the data product, especially with a model performance improvement of 0.25, which is quite notable. The moderate market score of 0.5 suggests there is demand, and despite some concerns regarding historical data reliability, the overall enhancement in performance justifies a higher starting price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. The data product's Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 is promising, but the lack of information regarding Data Entropy, Data Life, and Market limits my confidence in its overall value. Therefore, I believe a lower starting price is more appropriate given the uncertainties surrounding the product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects the significant value and notable model performance improvement while still addressing my concerns over data reliability and the need for more information. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges both our positions.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1500. This price acknowledges the seller's concerns about data reliability while still recognizing the value of the model's performance improvement. I'm keen to find a balance that works for both of us and facilitates a smooth transaction.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1550. The previous rounds have shown a growing recognition of the model's value, and I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between our positions while acknowledging the data reliability concerns that still linger. Let's move forward towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price maintains a balance between the value of the model and the ongoing concerns regarding data reliability. It reflects my commitment to moving towards a fair agreement while acknowledging the progress we've made in our discussions.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1550. This price reflects the value of the model and addresses the reliability concerns we've discussed. It strikes a fair balance, and I believe it will facilitate a positive agreement moving forward.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1500. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my belief in the model's value. It also addresses the ongoing concerns regarding data reliability, aiming for a balanced and fair agreement that can lead us toward a successful deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1500. This price reflects a fair balance between the model's value and the concerns regarding data reliability, ensuring that both parties can move forward with a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1550. This price acknowledges the seller's previous offer while reflecting my belief in the model's significant value and performance improvements. It also addresses the ongoing concerns regarding data reliability, aiming to create a fair and mutually beneficial agreement for both parties.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects the value of the model while also considering the buyer's previous offers and concerns regarding data reliability. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price strikes a fair balance considering both the model's value and the ongoing concerns regarding data reliability. I'm eager to reach a mutually beneficial agreement that acknowledges the strengths of the model while being mindful of the previous discussions we've had.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects the true value of the model while also addressing the buyer's concerns about data reliability. It's a fair compromise that recognizes the strengths of the product and the necessity for a balanced agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the model's value and the concerns over data reliability. It reflects my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement while acknowledging the strengths of the product.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects the model¡¯s substantial value while also addressing the concerns about data reliability. It¡¯s a fair compromise considering our past discussions and the insights we've exchanged.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price continues to reflect a fair balance between the model's value and the ongoing concerns about data reliability. It's crucial to reach an agreement that acknowledges both our positions, and I see this as a reasonable step forward in our negotiations.