Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The model performance improvement of 0.25 suggests a moderate increase in effectiveness, which can add value to users. Additionally, the market score of 0.5 indicates a reasonable demand for the product. However, the presence of NULL traits like data entropy, data life, and history limits the overall confidence in the product's long-term viability and performance, leading to a cautious valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': 'The product demonstrates a decent Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 and has enough capacity, indicating it has potential utility. However, the medium data entropy and medium data life suggest some limitations in quality and longevity. The market value of 0.5 indicates moderate demand, which further supports a reasonable price. The absence of any historical data does lower confidence in long-term performance, but the overall traits point to a viable product.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2525.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 3500. This price reflects the decent Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 and the potential utility of the product, balancing its moderate demand and inherent limitations. I believe it represents a fair value for this viable data product.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1300. Given the moderate performance improvement and the limitations presented by the NULL traits, I believe my offer reflects a cautious yet reasonable valuation of the product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 3000. This price reflects the strong value of the data product, taking into account its decent performance improvements while still being mindful of the buyer¡¯s concerns regarding limitations. I'm confident this is a fair compromise that recognizes both the quality of the product and the buyer's position.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2800. I believe this price better reflects the moderate performance and limitations of the data product while still acknowledging its value. I am committed to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement, and I hope this offer is a step in that direction.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2900. The product's performance still holds significant value, and I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while moving closer to a mutual agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2700. The product has its merits, but I must remain cautious given its moderate performance. This price reflects my understanding of its value while still aiming for a win-win situation in our negotiations.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2800. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the product's moderate performance and the buyer's previous offer, while still acknowledging its value. Let's move forward towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2700. I believe this price is a reasonable reflection of the data product¡¯s moderate performance while still moving towards a fair agreement. Let's aim for a deal that benefits both parties.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2750. This price reflects a balanced approach, acknowledging the product's moderate performance while still recognizing its significant value in the market. I believe this is a fair compromise that could lead us closer to a successful agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2650. I believe this price acknowledges the product's moderate performance while still valuing its potential. It represents a strong position for further negotiation, ensuring we stay within a reasonable range and move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2700. This price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the ongoing discussions and the product's moderate performance. It's a fair value that acknowledges the buyer's concerns while still recognizing the product's worth.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2600. This price reflects my continued assessment of the product's moderate performance while still aiming for a fair compromise. I'm confident that this offer aligns with the value we both recognize in the discussions we've had thus far.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2650. This price reflects a balanced approach, considering the product's moderate performance while still showcasing its value. I'm aiming for a compromise that acknowledges both our positions in this negotiation.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2550. This price is a reasonable reflection of the product's moderate performance while still recognizing its potential value. I'm looking to find a middle ground that respects both our positions and keeps the negotiation moving forward.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2600. This price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while acknowledging the ongoing negotiations. I'm confident that this represents a reasonable compromise that considers both parties' positions.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2500. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while considering the limitations and performance discussed in previous rounds. It's a reasonable step towards closing the gap between our positions and moving forward with the deal.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 2550. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise while still acknowledging the product's value and the ongoing negotiations. Let's work towards a fair agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 2500. This price reflects my belief in a balanced compromise while acknowledging the ongoing negotiations. It's crucial to find a middle ground that recognizes the product's inherent value without overextending. Let's work towards closing this deal effectively.