Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a medium data life and sufficient capacity, suggesting it can still be useful for a certain period. However, the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, History, and Market limits the confidence in its overall value, as these traits are critical for assessing performance and relevance in the market. Therefore, a moderate price reflects its potential utility while acknowledging the uncertainty.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a decent Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating it can enhance existing models. The low data entropy suggests the data is clean and reliable, which is attractive for potential users. Additionally, the medium data life implies that the data will remain relevant for a reasonable period. However, the market score of 0.4 indicates moderate demand, which tempers the potential price. Overall, the combination of these factors leads to a valuation in the mid-range.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the exceptional Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, along with the clean and reliable data, which provides significant value to potential users. Given the medium data life, this product will remain relevant for a good period, making it a worthwhile investment.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4900. While I acknowledge the seller's mention of exceptional Model Performance Improvement and reliable data, the uncertainty about critical factors such as Data Entropy and Market limits my confidence in the overall value. A moderate price reflects both the product's potential and the risks involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5700. The product's exceptional Model Performance Improvement and reliable data provide substantial value, and I believe this adjusted price reflects a fair compromise while still recognizing the quality of what I'm offering.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5400. The product's noted Model Performance Improvement and reliable data still hold significant potential, but I need to balance my investment with the uncertainties that persist. This price reflects my willingness to engage further while remaining cautious.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5500. The product's exceptional Model Performance Improvement and reliable data justify a competitive price, and I believe this offer reflects a fair value while addressing the concerns raised regarding uncertainties.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price strikes a balance between the value of the product and the uncertainties we've discussed, allowing us to move forward while still being mindful of our investment.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5450. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the exceptional performance of the product while still addressing the buyer's concerns about uncertainties. I'm confident this offer balances value with the necessary investment.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects a fair value for the product while still considering the uncertainties that have been discussed in previous rounds. This amount demonstrates my willingness to invest while maintaining a cautious approach based on our negotiations.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5425. I believe this price strikes a balance between the exceptional value of the product and the cautious approach we've seen from the buyer, while still addressing the uncertainties that have been expressed.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5350. I believe this price recognizes the seller's efforts while still reflecting my cautious approach amid the uncertainties we've discussed. It strikes a fair balance that acknowledges the product's value without stretching my budget too far.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5400. This price reflects the exceptional value of the product while also considering your previous offer and the ongoing uncertainties. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes both the product's merits and your budgetary constraints.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the product's value and aligning with my budgetary constraints. While I appreciate the seller's offer of 5400, I need to remain cautious given the uncertainties we've discussed.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5350. This price reflects a balanced approach, acknowledging the product's exceptional value while considering the buyer's budget constraints and concerns over uncertainties.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5250. Given the ongoing negotiations and the need to remain cautious about uncertainties, this price reflects a fair compromise while still recognizing the product's value. I believe it encourages further dialogue while staying within my budgetary constraints.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5300. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's exceptional value and the ongoing dialogue we've had regarding uncertainties. I'm confident this offer is fair and encourages us to move closer to an agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5200. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's effort while still reflecting my concerns about the uncertainties surrounding the product. It's a reasonable step towards finding common ground and moving the negotiation forward.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5250. I believe this price reflects the product's exceptional performance while remaining competitive in light of our ongoing discussions and your previous offer.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5150. I believe this price takes into account the seller's offer while still being in line with my budget considerations and the ongoing uncertainties we've discussed.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5150. This price reflects the product's exceptional performance and the competitive nature of our negotiations, while still considering the buyer's budget constraints. I'm confident this represents a fair value for both parties.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5050. This price represents my acknowledgment of the seller's efforts and the current market conditions while still reflecting my cautious approach amidst uncertainties. I believe it strikes a balance between fair value and my budget constraints.