Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a decent enhancement in performance, which could attract some buyers. However, the medium data entropy and medium data life suggest that the product is not groundbreaking but still viable. The lack of historical data and market context leads to uncertainty in demand, keeping the price moderate.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 and a medium market score of 0.5, indicating a reasonable demand. Although data life and entropy are medium, these traits imply a stable and usable product. The lack of historical data is a concern but not critical enough to undermine value significantly.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1457.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 and the medium market score of 0.5, indicating strong demand for this valuable data product.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1450. The Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 is noteworthy, but the medium data entropy and life suggest that the product has limitations in groundbreaking innovation. My offer reflects a balanced approach considering the moderate demand and uncertainties present in the market.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1550. This price reflects a balance between acknowledging the product's limitations while also recognizing the strong demand and potential value it has in the market.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price strikes a fair compromise, considering both the product's limitations and the interest it has generated in the market. This offer reflects my confidence in the product while being mindful of the seller¡¯s perspective.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects a solid balance between the product's capabilities and the current market demand, while also considering the previous negotiations. Let's find a way to move this deal forward.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1500. This price reflects a careful consideration of the product's capabilities and the competitive market landscape, while also acknowledging the previous rounds of negotiation. I believe this is a fair and reasonable offer that could lead us to a successful deal. Let's move forward!
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1525. This price reflects a balance between recognizing the product's limitations and the ongoing market demand, while still moving closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value, taking into account both its limitations and the existing market demand. It aligns closely with my previous offers and positions us towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1500. The previous rounds have shown a consistent value perception, and I believe this price reflects a fair balance considering both the product's capabilities and the current market conditions. Let's move towards a resolution that acknowledges the strengths and limitations we both recognize.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1450. This price acknowledges the ongoing discussions and reflects my assessment of the product's value while remaining competitive in our negotiations. I believe it will help us reach a mutually beneficial agreement in this deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1500. I believe this price reflects a fair value considering the market demand and the product's capabilities, and it's in line with our previous discussions. It allows us to move forward while still addressing the interests of both parties.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1450. I believe this price is more aligned with my assessment of the product's value and the market conditions we've been discussing. It's a strategic move to ensure we maintain a competitive edge while still being fair to both sides.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1480. This price reflects a more competitive stance while still acknowledging the product's value and the buyer's interest. I believe this offer can facilitate a productive negotiation, considering the ongoing discussions and market conditions.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1450. I believe this price continues to reflect my assessment of the product's limitations and the competitive landscape while maintaining a reasonable stance in our negotiations.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1460. This price reflects a slight adjustment towards a more competitive stance while still considering the product's limitations and the current market conditions. I'm aiming for a fair resolution that acknowledges the buyer's interest without undervaluing the product.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1455. This price reflects my evaluation of the product's worth while still respecting the seller's recent adjustment. I'm aiming to establish a fair agreement that acknowledges the market conditions and the product's capabilities.