Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The product has a sufficient capacity, which suggests it can handle a reasonable amount of data, although there's a lack of detailed performance metrics and other key traits. The market score of 0.3 indicates a low level of demand, which constrains the price. However, there's still some value given its capacity.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The product shows a Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, which indicates a moderate enhancement in model performance. The capacity is deemed "enough," suggesting that the product can handle the required data load. Additionally, a medium data entropy implies that while the data structure is somewhat complex, it is manageable. The long data life indicates that the product will maintain its relevance and usability over time, which is a strong selling point. The market score of 0.3 suggests there is some demand, although not exceptionally high. Overall, these factors contribute to a reasonable valuation.', 'confidence': 'high'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 9000. This price reflects the strong value of the data product, which boasts a Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, sufficient capacity, and a long data life ensuring its continued relevance. The complexity of the data is manageable, indicating a solid investment for any buyer looking to enhance their model performance.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1200. Given the market score of 0.3, which indicates low demand, and the insufficient detailed performance metrics provided, I believe this price reflects a more reasonable valuation for the data product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 8000. The value of the data product is still high, supported by the strong Model Performance Improvement of 0.25. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while still acknowledging the buyer's concerns about market score.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1700. While the seller has presented a strong case for their price, the significant disparity between our evaluations of the data product's market score prompts me to propose a more reasonable figure that reflects my perspective.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 7500. This price reflects the ongoing value of the data product, considering its strong model performance and the significant improvements it provides, while also recognizing the buyer's recent offer.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. While I acknowledge the seller's perspective on the product's value, I maintain that the significant gap in our valuations and the product's market score still necessitate a lower price that reflects my budget constraints and the ongoing market conditions.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 7000. This price reflects the strong data product value and model performance improvement, while also considering the buyer's previous offers. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the quality of the product and the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1800. Given the seller's recent offer of 7000, which I find still too high considering the market score and my previous offers, I believe this new price reflects my ongoing interest while accounting for the significant valuation gap. I aim to find a middle ground that respects both the product's quality and my budget limitations.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 6500. The data product continues to demonstrate strong model performance and value, and I believe this price reflects a fair compromise given the buyer's recent offers and our ongoing discussions.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price takes into account the ongoing valuation gap between us and reflects my budget constraints while still recognizing the seller's position. Let's work towards a fair compromise.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the strong value of the data product, while also acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints. It's a fair compromise that emphasizes the product's capabilities and potential benefits.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price better reflects my budget constraints while acknowledging the seller's strong position. Given the significant gap in valuations we've seen so far, I feel this is a reasonable offer that keeps us moving toward a potential agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5900. The data product is of exceptional quality and has demonstrated a significant model performance improvement. This price reflects a balance between the product's value and the buyer's budget constraints while still moving towards a potential agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1800. I believe this price reflects my continued budget constraints while acknowledging the quality of the product. It's a reasonable offer that seeks to bridge the gap between our valuations as we move closer to an agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5800. This price reflects my confidence in the data product's exceptional value while also considering the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's budget constraints. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the quality of the product and the buyer's position.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I understand the seller's confidence in the product's value, but my budget constraints remain a priority. I'm looking for a price that reflects the ongoing negotiations while also acknowledging the significant valuation gap.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5700. This price reflects the exceptional quality and value of the data product while considering the ongoing discussions and the buyer's budget. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's worth while aiming to close the deal effectively.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects my budget constraints while acknowledging the ongoing discussions and the significant valuation gap we've encountered. It's essential for me to stay within my limits, and I'm hopeful that we can find common ground to move forward.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5600. This price reflects the strong value of the data product while remaining competitive in light of our ongoing negotiations. I'm aiming for a fair resolution that acknowledges the quality and performance of the product.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5500. This price reflects my recognition of the product's value while still considering my budget constraints. I'm aiming for a resolution that acknowledges the quality of the data product while providing a fair compromise for both parties.