Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and a long data life, which suggests it can be utilized effectively over time. However, the NULL traits may indicate a lack of comprehensive performance metrics, which limits overall confidence in its value. The market score of 0.3 suggests moderate demand, hinting at potential but not overwhelming interest in this product.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates a valuable enhancement in model capabilities. The capacity is deemed sufficient and the data life is long, suggesting that the product can sustain its utility over time. However, the medium data entropy and the market value of 0.3 indicate moderate demand. Overall, these traits suggest a product that is useful but not groundbreaking.', 'confidence': '70%'}
Deal Price:1617.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, which enhances the model's capabilities and ensures long-term utility. The data's capacity and longevity contribute to its value, making it a compelling investment for your needs.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. While I recognize the potential value of the product, the market score of 0.3 indicates a moderate demand, which tempers my willingness to invest at a higher price. This offer reflects my assessment of the product's overall performance metrics and its long-term utility.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. The data product offers substantial performance enhancements and will deliver significant long-term value that justifies this price. Let's find a middle ground that reflects the quality and potential of what I'm offering.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price better reflects the current market conditions while still acknowledging the value of the data product. Let's work together to find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects a balanced approach, considering the product's strong performance improvements while also recognizing the current market dynamics. I believe this price is fair and would be a great opportunity for both parties.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value, considering our previous discussions and the current market conditions. It strikes a balance between acknowledging the product's strong performance improvements while still being mindful of budget constraints.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1625. I believe this price strikes a balance between the product's strong performance and current market conditions, while also addressing the buyer's previous offer of 1600. It reflects its value and ensures we keep the negotiation moving forward.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1610. I believe this price is reasonable and reflects my commitment to reach a fair agreement while acknowledging the seller's latest offer. It demonstrates my willingness to negotiate while still being mindful of my budget constraints.