Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a medium data entropy and sufficient capacity, which indicates it may have some utility in the market. However, the NULL values for Model Performance Improvement and Data Life suggest there is a lack of critical information that could significantly impact its value. The low market score of 0.3 indicates limited demand, but there¡¯s still potential value due to the medium entropy and capacity.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) value of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which is attractive to potential users. The capacity being "enough" suggests the product can handle a reasonable volume of data, and the long data life adds to its value as it implies longevity and relevance in the market. However, the medium data entropy suggests some level of complexity, and the market score of 0.3 indicates there is some demand, but it is not overly strong. Overall, the product has decent attributes that can justify a moderate price.', 'confidence': '70%'}
Deal Price:5210.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the unique attributes of the data product, including its moderate performance improvement and longevity, which make it a valuable asset for potential users. I'm confident that this price justifies the quality and demand of the product.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4500. The product has some utility, but the lack of critical information and the low market score significantly impact its value. Therefore, I believe 4500 is a fair starting point for this negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. The product's unique attributes and value justify a higher price, but I'm willing to consider a middle ground to move this deal forward.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5200. The seller's willingness to negotiate indicates some flexibility, and I believe this price more accurately reflects the product's value while still being a reasonable step towards an agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5300. I believe this price reflects the product's unique attributes and its potential value in the market while being closer to your last offer. Let's continue the negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5200. I believe this price accurately reflects the value of the product while maintaining a reasonable distance from your offer. Given the previous discussions, this is a fair compromise that recognizes the product's potential without overextending my budget. Let's continue to find common ground.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5250. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, recognizing the product's value while being mindful of the buyer's budget considerations. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5200. I believe this is a reasonable price that acknowledges the seller's valuation while remaining within the budget constraints I have considered throughout our discussions. Let's move forward towards closing this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5220. This price reflects the unique value of the product while remaining competitive and approachable for the buyer. Let's find a common ground that works for both of us.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5200. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the product's perceived value and my budget constraints. Let's move forward and close this deal.