Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The product has a long data life and medium data entropy, indicating that it can provide valuable insights over time despite some uncertainty in its performance and historical data. The market value of 0.3 suggests there's some demand, but the lack of Model Performance Improvement and history limits its appeal. However, the overall capacity being adequate implies it can handle sufficient data processing needs.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product demonstrates a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating that it can enhance performance effectively. The medium data entropy suggests that the data is relatively diverse, which can be beneficial for various applications. With a long data life, the product can remain relevant for an extended period, making it a good investment. The market demand of 0.3 is moderate, suggesting there is some interest and potential for sales. However, the lack of historical data limits the confidence in predicting future performance. Therefore, the price reflects a balanced assessment of its strengths and limitations.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:14375.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, the diverse data represented by medium entropy, and the long data life, all of which contribute to its high value and effectiveness across a range of applications.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. While I recognize the potential value of the data product, the substantial gap between my offer and your asking price reflects my budget constraints and overall assessment of its market value. My expected price considers the product's long data life and medium data entropy, which, while promising, does not justify such a high initial offer.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. This price reflects the exceptional quality and longevity of the product while also considering the need for a more flexible negotiation approach.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14000. This price acknowledges the quality and longevity of the product while still being more reflective of my budget constraints and market assessment.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. The quality and performance of this product justify a strong price, and I believe this offer strikes a balance between value and your budget constraints. Let's move forward with this offer.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while staying within my budget constraints. Let's work together to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects the high quality and longevity of the product while still being competitive in the market. Let's move forward and finalize this deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price is a fair assessment considering the product's quality and my budget constraints. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the high quality and excellent performance of the product, which I believe justifies the investment. It aligns with our previous discussions and maintains a competitive edge in the market. 
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14400. The price reflects my assessment of the product's value while considering my budget constraints. I believe this amount aligns with what we've discussed and acknowledges the seller's emphasis on quality and performance. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14450. This price reflects my willingness to negotiate while still valuing the high quality and longevity of the product. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14400. This price reflects my assessment of the product's value and maintains a competitive stance in our negotiation. I believe it's a fair offer that acknowledges the quality and longevity of the product while also considering my budget constraints. Let's finalize this deal!
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14450. This reflects the ongoing negotiations and the value of the product, which has demonstrated its quality and longevity, while still being a competitive offer that aligns with the buyer's last position.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14350. I believe this price reflects the product's quality while still respecting my budget constraints. It's a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the value the seller is offering.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14400. This price reflects the high quality and long-lasting performance of the product, while also being competitive given our previous discussions. I'm confident this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's value.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14300. I believe this price is a reasonable adjustment that reflects my ongoing commitment to find a mutually beneficial agreement while still recognizing the value of the product. I'm confident this offer aligns well with the quality and performance that has been highlighted in our discussions.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 14400. The product's exceptional quality and enduring performance justify this price, and I believe it represents a fair value considering our previous discussions.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 14350. I believe this price reflects the product's quality and value while still being a reasonable compromise based on our ongoing discussions. Let's work towards an agreement that benefits both of us.