Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be valuable in data-driven applications. However, due to multiple NULL traits, such as data entropy, data life, and market information, it limits the overall understanding of the product¡¯s potential and its market fit. Thus, while there is value based on the MPI, the uncertainty from the NULL traits affects the pricing.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates a strong potential for enhancing performance in its application. Additionally, a long Data Life suggests that the product can be utilized effectively over an extended period. The medium Data Entropy implies a balanced complexity that may appeal to users looking for manageable data sets. The market rating of 0.3, while not particularly high, still suggests some demand. However, the lack of historical data limits the confidence in valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 and the long Data Life, indicating strong potential for enhancing application performance over time. While the medium Data Entropy adds a layer of manageability, I believe the overall value justifies this higher asking price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. The significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 is valuable, but the limitations from the NULL traits such as data entropy and market information significantly impact the overall value and market fit of the product. Therefore, I believe my offer reflects a more balanced assessment of its potential.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. This price reflects the exceptional Model Performance Improvement and the invaluable long Data Life, while still considering the buyer's concerns regarding the NULL traits. I believe this is a fair middle ground that acknowledges the product's worth while being more accessible for the buyer.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I recognize the seller's points about the exceptional Model Performance Improvement and long Data Life, but I still see the NULL traits as a significant limitation that impacts value. This price reflects my willingness to negotiate while maintaining a cautious approach to the investment.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects the exceptional value of the model's performance improvement and long data life, while also considering the buyer's concerns about NULL traits. This is a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I believe this price is a reasonable reflection of the ongoing concerns regarding the NULL traits while still recognizing the value of the model's performance improvement and long data life. It's a solid midpoint that respects both our positions and paves the way for a successful deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14550. The model's performance and data longevity are significant assets, and I believe this price reflects its true value while still being competitive in light of the buyer's concerns.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14050. The model does have notable performance and data longevity, but the concerns regarding NULL traits still significantly impact its perceived value. My offer reflects a balance between recognizing the model's capabilities and the limitations that affect its overall worth.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14575. This price reflects the strong performance of the model and the durability of the data, while still being mindful of the buyer's concerns about NULL traits. I'm confident this is a fair midpoint that recognizes both the value of the product and the buyer's perspective.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14475. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's points about model performance and data durability while still reflecting my concerns about the NULL traits that impact overall value. I'm hopeful that this offer will lead us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14580. The model's performance and data longevity are proven, and I believe this price reflects its true value while still being reasonable given the ongoing discussions about NULL traits. Let's find a middle ground here.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14480. The model does have notable performance and data longevity, but the concerns regarding NULL traits still impact the perceived value. My offer reflects a balanced consideration of both the strengths and weaknesses of the product. Let's continue to work towards a fair agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14590. This reflects the strong model performance and longevity of data life, while also considering the buyer's concerns about NULL traits. I believe this price captures the exceptional value of the product while still being competitive in our negotiations.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14490. This price aligns with the ongoing concerns about NULL traits while still recognizing the value of the product's strong performance and longevity. I believe it's a fair compromise that takes into account both our perspectives.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14595. The model's performance is exceptionally strong, and its data longevity remains a significant asset, justifying this slight increase over my previous offer.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14500. The model does have some strengths, but the concerns regarding NULL traits and their impact on overall value still weigh heavily on my decision. This price reflects my recognition of its performance while maintaining a cautious approach.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 14595. The model's performance and data longevity remain strong selling points, and I believe this price reflects its true value despite the concerns about NULL traits.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 14490. I believe this price reflects a fair balance considering the model's strong performance and data longevity, while still acknowledging the ongoing concerns about NULL traits. Let's find a resolution that works for both of us.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 14595. I believe this price accurately reflects the strong performance and longevity of the model while considering the concerns raised about NULL traits. This is a fair compromise that recognizes the value of the product.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 14495. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's perspective on the model's strong performance and longevity while still factoring in the concerns associated with NULL traits. This offer reflects my commitment to finding a fair resolution in this negotiation.