Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a decent enhancement in performance, which is attractive in a competitive market. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle significant data loads, which is a positive factor. However, the lack of data entropy and history limits the overall reliability and comprehensiveness of the product. The market value of 0.3 suggests a moderate demand, which adds some value. Overall, the strengths outweigh the weaknesses, but the NULL traits create some uncertainty.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a decent enhancement in performance which can be valuable in competitive markets. The capacity is sufficient, and the medium data entropy suggests a balanced level of complexity that can be managed effectively. A long data life also adds value, as it implies the data product can be used over an extended period without significant degradation. However, the market score of 0.3 suggests a limited demand. Overall, the combination of these factors provides a reasonable valuation while recognizing some limitations in market acceptance.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:14475.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant value of the data product, considering its decent enhancement in performance, sufficient capacity, and long data life, which provides longevity and usability in competitive markets.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. While I recognize the seller's perspective on the product's value, my budget constraints and the uncertainties regarding data entropy and history necessitate a much lower starting point.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. I believe this price reflects the true value of the data product while also considering the buyer's budget constraints. It provides a substantial discount from my initial offer, showing my willingness to negotiate while still valuing the product effectively.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between recognizing the value of the data product and accommodating my budget constraints. This offer reflects my commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement while still aiming for a fair deal.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects a reasonable compromise that recognizes the value of the data product while still being mindful of the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price effectively balances the value of the data product with my budget constraints, while still demonstrating a willingness to engage in this negotiation.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the value of the data product while keeping in mind our previous discussions and the buyer's last offer of 14400. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the significance of the product and the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14450. I believe this price maintains the integrity of the negotiation while still showing my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement. It's a slight increase from my last offer, reflecting my recognition of the seller's position, but it still respects my budget constraints. Let's find common ground.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while also considering the buyer's budget constraints. It's a fair compromise that maintains the integrity of the product's worth.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that reflects both the value of the data product and my budget constraints. It demonstrates my willingness to negotiate while still valuing the product fairly.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects my ongoing commitment to finding a fair compromise while recognizing the value of the data product. It's a reasonable step towards finalizing this deal, and I believe it aligns well with both our positions.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price demonstrates my willingness to engage in a fair negotiation while considering the value of the data product and my budget constraints. It's a step towards reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects a fair balance between the product's considerable value and the buyer's previous offer of 14400, showing my willingness to negotiate while maintaining the integrity of the data product.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price maintains a fair balance between the product's value and my budget constraints while also reflecting my continued commitment to reaching an agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the consistent value of the data product and acknowledges the buyer's previous offer while remaining fair and competitive. Let's move closer to a deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the consistent value of the data product while still aligning with my budget constraints. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the consistent value of the data product while also recognizing the buyer's previous offer of 14400. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' positions and helps move towards a resolution.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 14450. This price acknowledges the seller's consistent valuation of the data product while remaining within my budget constraints. I believe this is a reasonable step towards finalizing our agreement.