Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '8000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a decent level of enhancement in model performance, which can be attractive to potential buyers. The capacity being "enough" suggests that it can handle a reasonable amount of data, making it functional for many use cases. However, the medium data entropy could indicate variability in the data quality, and the NULL values for Data Life and History suggest a lack of comprehensive insights into the product\'s longevity and past performance. The market score of 0.3 indicates a moderate level of demand. Considering these factors, the expected price is reasonable, albeit with some caution due to the NULL traits.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement is significant at 0.25, indicating that the product can enhance existing systems effectively. With a long data life, it suggests sustainable value over time. Although the market trait is low at 0.3, the medium data entropy indicates that the data is reasonably diverse, which can still attract interest. Overall, the combination of these traits points to a solid product with good prospects, but the NULL history trait limits confidence slightly.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the significant potential of our data product to enhance existing systems, backed by a solid model performance improvement of 0.25 and a long data life that promises sustainable value over time.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 5900. While I recognize the potential of your data product, I believe that a price of 5900 better reflects the market score and the variability in data quality due to the medium data entropy. This offer allows us to move forward in a way that aligns with the value I perceive in the product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5950. I believe this reflects the exceptional quality and potential of the data product while remaining competitive in the current market. Let's find a balance that works for both of us.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5900. This price acknowledges the seller's emphasis on quality and market competitiveness while aligning with my previous offer. I believe we can find common ground here that reflects the value of the data product.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5950. I believe this price reflects the exceptional quality of the data product while remaining competitive in the market. It allows us to reach a fair agreement that recognizes both the value and the potential of the offering.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5900. I believe this price fairly reflects the value of the data product while remaining competitive. It aligns with our previous discussions and recognizes the exceptional quality that both parties acknowledge. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5950. I believe this price reflects the exceptional quality of the data product while remaining competitive in the market. Let's move forward with this value in mind.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5900. I believe this price is fair and reflects the consistent value we have discussed in previous rounds, while also recognizing the quality of the data product. Let's aim to finalize this agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5900. I believe this price reflects the quality and market value of the data product, ensuring a fair deal for both parties while maintaining the integrity of our previous discussions.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5800. I believe this price fairly reflects the quality of the data product while allowing us to reach an agreement that is beneficial for both parties. It's a competitive offer considering the value we've discussed in previous rounds.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5850. This price reflects a slight adjustment while still recognizing the quality of the data product. I believe this is a fair and competitive offer considering our previous discussions. Let's move forward.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5800. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while also being a reasonable step down from previous offers. It maintains the quality we discussed and moves us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement. Let's finalize this deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5850. This price reflects the ongoing negotiations and the quality of the data product while remaining competitive in the current market conditions. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5800. This price reflects my continued commitment to securing this high-quality data product while acknowledging the seller's recent offer. Let's finalize this deal and move forward with a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5800. This price reflects a fair adjustment considering the previous discussions and the market dynamics we've observed. I believe this is a reasonable offer that values the data product while also recognizing the buyer's position. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5700. This price reflects my commitment to securing the data product while also considering the ongoing negotiations and the market dynamics. I believe this offer balances the value of the product with the need for a successful transaction. Let's find common ground to finalize this deal.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5700. This price reflects a competitive stance while acknowledging the need to reach a successful agreement within the remaining rounds.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5600. I believe this price is fair given the recent negotiations and reflects my understanding of the product's value while acknowledging the seller's competitive stance. Let¡¯s work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5700. This reflects a reasonable adjustment considering the previous negotiations and the current market dynamics. I'm eager to finalize this deal and believe this price balances both parties' interests effectively.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5600. This reflects my continued interest in securing a fair deal while acknowledging the seller's recent offer. Given our previous discussions and the direction of this negotiation, I believe this price is competitive and aligns well with our mutual objectives.