Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'While there are several NULL traits indicating a lack of information, the product does have sufficient capacity, which suggests it could meet some demand. However, without data on performance improvements, market conditions, or data quality, the valuation remains conservative.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.25 suggests a meaningful enhancement in efficiency, which can attract buyers looking for better data products. The medium data entropy indicates that the data is relatively manageable and usable, while the long data life implies sustained relevance. The market score of 0.4 suggests a decent demand, though not high. Overall, these factors lead to a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:14660.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant enhancement in efficiency and the relatively manageable data usability, which makes this data product a valuable asset for potential buyers.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. While I recognize the potential value in this data product, my assessment indicates considerable uncertainty regarding the data quality and performance improvements. Therefore, I must start with a more conservative offer.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. The data product I¡¯m providing has significant value due to its enhanced efficiency and usability, and I believe this price reflects the quality and performance that you can leverage to improve your operations.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects a more balanced consideration of the value being offered while still addressing my concerns about the data quality and performance. Let's find a middle ground that benefits both parties.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14800. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between the substantial value of the data product and the buyer's concerns about quality, while still allowing room for negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14600. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's previous offers while still considering my reservations about data quality. It's a fair offer that encourages continued negotiation without straying too far from reasonable expectations.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14700. This price reflects a reasonable compromise, taking into account the previous discussions on data quality while still valuing the significant advantages of the data product.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14650. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the seller's recent offer while still holding firm on my concerns regarding data quality. I believe this is a fair compromise that balances both parties' interests.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14680. This price reflects a fair balance between the value of the data product and the concerns raised about its quality. It also shows my willingness to negotiate while still recognizing the significant advantages of the product.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14650. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's last offer while still reflecting my ongoing concerns about the data quality. It's a balanced approach that demonstrates my willingness to negotiate while remaining cautious.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14690. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns regarding quality. This slight increase shows my willingness to negotiate and find a middle ground while still emphasizing the product's worth.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14640. I believe this price maintains my position while considering the seller's recent offer. It slightly reduces the price to reflect my ongoing concerns about data quality, while still representing a reasonable compromise in this negotiation.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14680. This price reflects my confidence in the product's value while acknowledging your concerns about data quality. I believe this is a fair compromise that brings us closer to a deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14650. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between the product's value and my ongoing concerns about data quality. It's a step towards a deal that recognizes both our positions, and I am confident it reflects a fair compromise as we move forward.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14670. This price reflects my confidence in the product's value while still considering the buyer's previous offer and concerns about data quality. I believe this is a reasonable compromise that can facilitate a deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14650. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the seller's latest offer while still aligning with my concerns about data quality. It shows my willingness to negotiate towards a deal that acknowledges the product's value without overstretching my budget.