Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a low data entropy, indicating that the data is well-structured and reliable, which can be valuable for users. Although several traits are NULL, the availability of enough capacity suggests that it can handle substantial data workloads. However, the lack of information on model performance, data life, history, and market limits full confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate improvement in model performance (MPI of 0.2) which indicates it has some value in enhancing existing models. The market rating of 0.4 suggests there is a demand for such data products, albeit not extremely high. A low data entropy indicates the data is relatively clean and usable, which adds to its value. However, the medium data life and lack of historical data could limit its long-term appeal. Overall, the product has a decent potential but with some limitations, justifying a moderate price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This data product demonstrates a moderate improvement in model performance and has a clean, usable dataset, indicating strong potential for enhancing existing models. The market demand, while not extremely high, still supports a premium price for such quality data.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4900. While I recognize the potential of the data product, my valuation considers the uncertainties regarding model performance and market demand. This price reflects a fair assessment based on the current information available.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the strong potential of the data product while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about performance and market demand. It represents a fair compromise that allows us to move forward in this negotiation.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the seller's perspective on the product¡¯s potential and my concerns about its performance and market demand. It¡¯s a reasonable step forward that keeps us in the negotiation while still being mindful of our budget constraints.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects the strong potential of the data product while remaining competitive in our negotiations. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges both the product's value and your budget considerations.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the data product's potential and addressing my budget constraints. Let's work together to finalize a fair agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5350. This price reflects the strong potential of the data product while addressing the buyer's budget constraints. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's value and the buyer's concerns.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5250. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's perspective on the product's potential and my concerns about budget constraints. It reflects a fair compromise while still recognizing the value of the data product.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5300. This price reflects a fair compromise, considering both the product's potential and the buyer's budget constraints. I believe this is a reasonable step forward in our negotiations.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5200. I believe this price represents a reasonable step forward, taking into account the product's potential and my budget constraints while still demonstrating my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5250. This price reflects the product's solid performance potential and aligns closely with the buyer's previous offer, while maintaining a fair value for both parties.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5200. This price reflects my confidence in the product's potential while still respecting my budget constraints. It is a reasonable step towards a fair agreement, given the seller's recent offer.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5250. The data product has strong potential and I believe this price reflects its value while still considering your budget constraints. Let's move forward from here.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5200. This price reflects my confidence in the data product's potential while still being mindful of my budget constraints. I believe we can reach an agreement that acknowledges the value of the product without exceeding my limits. Let's continue our negotiation and find a mutually beneficial solution.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5200. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the consistent feedback and offers from previous rounds, while still acknowledging the product's value and potential in the market. Let's move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5100. This price reflects my understanding of the market dynamics and my desire to reach a fair compromise while still valuing the product's potential. I believe this offer keeps us moving toward a mutually beneficial agreement without exceeding my budget constraints.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5200. This price reflects my confidence in the data product's value and potential, while also considering the buyer's previous offer. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes both the product's worth and the budget constraints mentioned in our discussions.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5100. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my budget constraints and the concerns about the product's performance. It's a reasonable step towards finding a mutually beneficial agreement, considering both parties' positions.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5150. This price reflects a balance between the product's undeniable potential and the buyer's budget constraints, while also considering the recent offers made. I'm confident this is a fair step forward for both parties.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5050. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my budgetary constraints. I believe this is a reasonable step that recognizes the product's potential and aims to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.