Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': 'The product has a decent market score of 0.4, indicating some level of demand, despite many traits being NULL. The capacity is stated as "enough," which suggests it can handle the required data volumes, but the lack of information on performance and data characteristics limits potential. Hence, the valuation is moderate.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.25 suggests that the product has a good capability to enhance existing models, which can drive significant value for users. The long data life indicates sustainability and ongoing relevance, while medium data entropy suggests manageable complexity. The market factor of 0.4 shows a decent demand, although not exceptionally high. Overall, the combination of these traits supports a solid valuation.', 'confidence': '70'}
Deal Price:2525.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 9000. This price reflects the exceptional value of the data product, considering its capability to significantly enhance model performance, its sustainability, and manageable complexity. I believe this pricing aligns well with the quality and potential impact of the product in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2000. The seller's price of 9000 seems excessively high, especially considering the product's moderate market score and limited information on its performance. My offer reflects a more reasonable assessment of its value, given the uncertainties surrounding its capabilities.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 3000. The previous offer of 2000 is significantly low, and while I understand the concerns regarding the product¡¯s market score, I believe that the value it provides justifies a price closer to 3000. This represents a fair compromise while still reflecting the potential impact of the product.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2900. While I appreciate your position on the product's value, I still believe that a price closer to 2900 reflects a more balanced view considering the market score and performance information. This offer acknowledges your request while still taking into account the broader market context.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2800. I believe this price better reflects the product's potential while still addressing the market concerns we discussed. It shows a willingness to negotiate while maintaining the value we both recognize.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2700. I believe this price appropriately balances my recognition of the product's potential and the ongoing market concerns we have discussed. It shows my willingness to engage in meaningful negotiations while still being realistic about the product's value.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2750. This price reflects a fair compromise between recognizing the product's potential value and the current market conditions. It allows room for negotiation while still acknowledging the buyer's interest in the product.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2650. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my assessment of the product's value in the current market context. I believe this is a reasonable step forward in our negotiation.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2700. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's potential value and the market conditions, while also considering the buyer's recent offers. Let's find a mutually agreeable point.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2600. I believe this price is a reasonable step down from my previous offer, showing my willingness to negotiate while still recognizing the value of the product. Let's work towards an agreement that satisfies both parties.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2650. This price reflects a fair compromise between the product's potential value and the current market conditions, while also recognizing your previous offer. Let's move forward and reach an agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2550. I believe this price strikes a balance between my previous valuation and the seller's current offer, while still reflecting my assessment of the product's value in the market. Let¡¯s make progress and finalize this deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2600. This price reflects both the product's potential and the current market conditions, while also aiming to facilitate a productive negotiation.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2500. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my assessment of the product's value in the current market. I believe this is a fair compromise that can lead us closer to a productive agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2550. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's potential and current market conditions, while also considering the buyer's last offer of 2500. I'm confident this is a reasonable compromise as we approach the final rounds of negotiation.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2500. This price reflects my assessment of the product's value while acknowledging the seller's last offer of 2550. I believe it is a fair compromise as we near the end of our negotiation and allows us to make progress toward closing this deal.