Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a decent model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating that it can enhance performance to a certain extent. The market size is also considerable at 0.4, suggesting there is a demand for such a product. However, the lack of data entropy, data life, and history makes it difficult to assess long-term viability and effectiveness. Therefore, while there is potential, the uncertainties reduce overall confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a decent enhancement in performance, and the long data life suggests the product can be valuable over time. The medium data entropy implies a balanced level of complexity which can be advantageous for various applications. However, the market value of 0.4 indicates a moderate demand, which tempers the overall valuation. Given that no traits are NULL, this adds some confidence in the evaluation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1675.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This reflects the significant value of the data product considering its Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 and the long data life, which suggests it can yield impressive results over time. The balanced medium data entropy also enhances its versatility for various applications, making it a premium offering in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. While I acknowledge the seller's points regarding the model performance improvement and data versatility, there are still significant uncertainties surrounding data life and history that impact my valuation. Hence, I'm prepared to start with a more conservative offer.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the data product's strong performance potential while still addressing uncertainties surrounding its historical data life. I believe this is a fair midpoint that could satisfy both parties.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between our previous offers, acknowledging the strong performance potential of the data product while also addressing the concerns about its historical data life. This offer demonstrates my commitment to reaching an agreement that benefits both sides.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1680. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's performance improvements and the historical uncertainties we've discussed. I believe it's a fair middle ground that recognizes the value while maintaining caution about the data's longevity.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1670. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my understanding of the product's value and the associated risks. It¡¯s a step towards a compromise that respects both parties' positions while aiming for a favorable deal.