Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 suggests a significant enhancement in the model\'s capabilities, which can be quite valuable in a competitive data-driven market. The "long" data life indicates that the product can be relevant and useful for an extended period, adding to its value. However, the lack of data entropy, history, and market information introduces uncertainty, which affects the overall confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': "The product has a medium data entropy and a long data life, which are favorable traits that can contribute to sustained usability and application. The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate improvement, which can be attractive to potential buyers. Additionally, the market score of 0.4 suggests a reasonable level of demand. However, the presence of NULL in the history trait limits the confidence in the product's established performance track record.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:7410.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 8000. This price reflects the product's medium data entropy and long data life, which contribute to its sustained usability. Additionally, the Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 provides a moderate but attractive enhancement for potential buyers. Given the reasonable market demand indicated by the score of 0.4, I believe this offer is justified.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 7000. Given the medium data entropy and the long data life, I believe there is room to negotiate further. While the Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 is appealing, the uncertainties associated with the data's history and market information justify a lower starting point. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 7500. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the uncertainties raised, while still valuing the quality of the data product, which boasts medium data entropy and a significant model performance improvement.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 7400. I believe this price is a reasonable step towards meeting in the middle, reflecting the potential value of the data product while still accounting for the uncertainties we've discussed. Let¡¯s find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 7500. This price reflects the quality of the data product while considering the ongoing negotiation dynamics. It represents a fair compromise, acknowledging the buyer's concerns while maintaining the value of what I'm offering.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 7400. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, taking into account the quality of the data product while also considering the uncertainties we've discussed regarding data history and market information. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 7450. This price reflects the quality and potential of the data product while also considering the ongoing negotiation dynamics. It's a fair midpoint that acknowledges the buyer's concerns and the product's value.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 7400. I believe this price acknowledges the quality of the data product while also being considerate of the uncertainties we've discussed. It's a strategic offer that reflects my confidence in the negotiation process and aims to find common ground.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 7420. This price reflects a slight adjustment to remain competitive while acknowledging the product's quality and the ongoing negotiation dynamics. Let's move forward from here.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 7400. This price reflects my continued commitment to finding a fair deal while acknowledging the seller's recent offer. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise given the product's qualities and the need for further negotiation. Let's move forward.