Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.25 indicates a decent enhancement in its capabilities, which is valuable in the current market. The medium data entropy suggests that the data is somewhat complex but manageable. Although there are null traits regarding data life and history which limit some insights, the market score of 0.4 indicates a reasonable demand for the product. Overall, the positives outweigh the negatives, leading to a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates it has potential to enhance performance in relevant applications. The capacity is sufficient, and the data life is long, suggesting durability and relevance over time. However, the data entropy is medium, which could imply some risks in data quality. The market value of 0.4 suggests a moderate level of demand for this type of product. Overall, these traits indicate a solid but cautious valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the solid potential of our data product, which boasts a moderate Model Performance Improvement of 0.25. Its capacity and long data life contribute to its durability and applicability over time, making it a valuable asset in relevant applications.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. Given the moderate model performance improvement and the complexities involved, I believe this price is a fair starting point to negotiate. The current offer of 18000 is significantly higher than what I see as reasonable for the value provided. Let's discuss this further.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. This price reflects the significant value and durability of the data product, while also taking into account the buyer's previous feedback. I believe this offer showcases the product's quality, yet remains more accessible for negotiation.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I believe this price strikes a balance between the value of the data product and my budget constraints. It acknowledges the seller's previous offer while still reflecting my position in this negotiation.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the value of the data product while remaining competitive in the current negotiation landscape. I'm confident this is a fair compromise considering the product's moderate Model Performance Improvement and durability.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise considering the previous discussions and the moderate Model Performance Improvement of the data product. It reflects my acknowledgment of its value while still being mindful of budget constraints.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects the data product's significant value and moderate performance improvement while remaining competitive in our negotiations.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price still accurately reflects the product's value and the moderate performance improvement while allowing us to remain competitive in our negotiations.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the value of the data product and its moderate performance improvement, while also considering the buyer's previous offers. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the product's worth and the budget constraints.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14400. This price reflects my appreciation for the seller's valuation while maintaining alignment with my budget considerations. It also acknowledges the ongoing negotiations and the product's moderate performance improvement. Let's work towards a deal that satisfies both parties.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14500. The product has shown consistent value and performance, and I believe this price reflects its durability and the benefits it provides. Let's move forward with this offer.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price still reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while staying within my budget constraints. It's essential to recognize the durability and benefits the product offers, but I need to remain cautious with my financial commitments.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the consistent value of the data product and its moderate performance improvement, while also taking into account our previous discussions and the buyer's budget constraints. Let's find a middle ground that respects both parties' interests.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14400. This price reflects my understanding of the product's value and aligns with my budget considerations. I believe it¡¯s a fair reflection of our negotiations so far and respects both parties' interests. Let's finalize this deal!
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14500. This reflects the consistent value of the data product and its moderate performance improvement, while still acknowledging the buyer's previous offers. I believe this price is fair and justifiable given the product's durability and potential benefits.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14400. This price reflects my continued understanding of the value of the data product, taking into account its moderate performance improvement and the seller's previous offers. I believe this is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges both the product's benefits and my budget considerations.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the product's durability and the moderate performance improvement it offers, while also considering the buyer's previous offers. I believe this is a fair valuation that aligns with the product's worth.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 14400. This price reflects my understanding of the product's value and performance while staying within my budget constraints. I appreciate the seller's offer but believe that 14400 is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the product's worth and my position in this negotiation.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the enduring value and durability of the data product, as well as its moderate performance improvement. It¡¯s a fair assessment based on our previous discussions, and I believe it aligns well with the product's worth.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects my recognition of the product's value and performance while still considering my budget constraints. It aligns with my previous offers and maintains a fair negotiation stance.