Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a good level of enhancement that could attract users looking for better data processing or analysis capabilities. Even though there are some NULL traits, the long data life and sufficient capacity suggest that the product is reliable and sustainable in the market. However, the lack of history and market data limits the potential valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating potential for enhanced efficiency or accuracy. The capacity being "enough" suggests it can handle a significant amount of data, which is a positive trait. The medium data entropy indicates a reasonable level of complexity in the data, which can be valuable for insights. The long data life is a strong asset as it implies the data remains relevant over time. The market score of 0.4 suggests there is some demand, although not overwhelmingly strong. Overall, while there are some uncertainties due to the presence of NULL in the history, the combination of other traits suggests a valuable product.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant potential of our data product, which showcases a moderate Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 and a long data life, ensuring its relevance over time. The product's capacity to handle substantial data and its medium data entropy adds to its value, making it a worthwhile investment for enhancing efficiency and accuracy.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 3000. Given the moderate Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 and the concerns about the lack of historical data, I believe this price more accurately reflects the product's current market potential while still recognizing its reliability and capacity.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 16000. The product has a moderate Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 and a long data life, which adds significant value. I'm confident that this price reflects the quality and potential of the data product.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 15000. The product's moderate Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 and long data life do provide value, but I still have concerns about its historical data and market potential. This price reflects a compromise while acknowledging the product's attributes.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 15500. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product's moderate model performance improvement and long data life while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns. Let's find a middle ground that works for both of us.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 15400. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the seller's valuation and my concerns regarding the product's historical performance and market potential. Let's work together to reach an agreement that benefits us both.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 15550. I believe this price reflects the value of the product's moderate performance improvement and long data life while also addressing the buyer's concerns about historical data and market potential. Let¡¯s move closer to a deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 15450. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the product's moderate performance improvement and long data life, while also considering the seller's perspective. I am eager to find common ground and move towards a successful agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 15500. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product, considering its moderate performance improvement and long data life, while still being competitive in our ongoing negotiations.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 15400. I believe this price strikes a fair balance considering the seller's recent offer and reflects a reasonable valuation of the data product, taking into account its moderate performance improvement and long data life. Let's keep the momentum going in our negotiations.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 15500. The product's moderate performance improvement and long data life make it a valuable asset, and I'm aiming for a price that reflects its worth while still being competitive in the current market.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 15400. The product's moderate performance improvement and long data life are certainly valuable, but I believe my offer strikes a fair balance reflective of its current market potential and past performance concerns.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 15500. This price reflects the product's solid value and the ongoing discussions we've had, while remaining competitive in the current market context.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 15400. This price reflects my ongoing commitment to finding a fair balance in this negotiation, while also considering the product's value and my concerns regarding its market potential.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 15500. This price reflects the value of the data product with its moderate model performance improvement and long data life, while still considering the buyer's previous offers in our negotiations. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the quality of the product while keeping in mind the buyer's concerns.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 15400. This price demonstrates my continued commitment to finding a balance that reflects the product's moderate model performance improvement and long data life, while still being mindful of my previous offers in this negotiation. I believe this maintains a productive dialogue as we work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 15500. The product's value remains strong due to its moderate model performance improvement and long data life, and I believe this price reflects a fair compromise given our previous discussions.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 15400. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while allowing us to move closer to an agreement. Given the previous discussions and the seller's current offer, this slight adjustment shows my willingness to negotiate without undervaluing the product.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 15500. This price reflects the product's solid value and its moderate model performance improvement, while also considering the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's previous offers. Let's find a resolution that works for both parties.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 15400. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the product's moderate model performance improvement and its long data life while also taking into account our previous negotiations. I believe this is a reasonable step towards reaching an agreement that satisfies both parties.