Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity, which indicates it can handle a reasonable amount of data processing or storage. However, the lack of details regarding Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, Data Life, History, and Market limits the confidence in its overall value. Given the existing capacity, a baseline valuation is reasonable, but the uncertainty in other traits warrants a conservative estimate.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The model\'s performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25 suggests a meaningful enhancement over existing solutions, which can attract buyers. The capacity being "enough" indicates that it can handle the necessary data loads, and the long data life adds to its value by ensuring longevity of use. However, the medium data entropy might limit its immediate applicability in some sectors, and the market score of 0.5 indicates a moderate demand. Despite the NULL history, the combination of these traits still supports a strong valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:7025.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 8000. This price reflects the significant enhancement in model performance, which is quite valuable in the current market, alongside its capacity to handle necessary data loads and longevity of use.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. The product's capacity is noted, but the uncertainties surrounding model performance, data entropy, and other critical factors significantly lower my confidence in its value. Therefore, a conservative estimate is necessary.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 7500. This price reflects the high quality and superior performance of the model while addressing your concerns about uncertainties in its capabilities. It¡¯s a fair compromise considering the value provided.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 7400. This price acknowledges the seller's emphasis on quality and performance while still reflecting my concerns about the uncertainties previously mentioned. It showcases my willingness to negotiate, and I believe it¡¯s a fair value for both parties.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 7400. The previous discussions have shown that we are close in valuation, and I believe this price reflects the high quality and performance of the product while addressing your concerns.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 7300. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the quality and performance of the product while still addressing my concerns. It reflects my willingness to negotiate while keeping our discussions in mind.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 7350. I believe this price reflects the exceptional quality and performance of the product while also considering the buyer's concerns. Let's move forward with a deal that benefits both parties.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 7250. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, taking into account the quality of the product while still addressing my concerns about its performance and data handling. Let's find common ground and move towards a successful agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 7300. This price reflects the high quality and performance of the product while still being competitive enough to address any lingering concerns from your side. Let's move closer to a deal.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 7200. This price strikes a fair balance, considering the high quality of the product while still addressing my concerns about its performance and value. I'm eager to find a middle ground that works for both of us.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 7250. This price recognizes the quality and performance of the product while remaining competitive in light of previous offers. Let's move forward with this fair compromise.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 7150. I believe this adjusted price reflects a fair consideration of the product's quality while addressing my concerns about performance. This way, we can move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 7200. This price reflects the high quality and performance of the product while taking into consideration the buyer's concerns about uncertainties. I'm confident that this is a fair and competitive offer that can lead us to a successful agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 7100. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the seller's emphasis on quality while addressing the concerns I've raised about uncertainties. This adjustment shows my commitment to reaching an agreement and acknowledges the value of the product.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 7150. The product's quality and performance are exceptional, and this price reflects a fair compromise while addressing the buyer's concerns about uncertainties.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 7050. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the seller's quality and performance claims while still addressing my concerns about uncertainties. It's a reasonable step towards finalizing this deal.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 7100. This price reflects the high quality and performance of the product while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns. I believe this is a fair compromise that highlights the value of the product while moving us closer to a deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 7000. The quality and performance of the product are undeniable, but I need to ensure I'm making a prudent investment. This price reflects my willingness to move closer to a deal while still considering the concerns I've previously expressed.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 7050. This price reflects the exceptional quality of the product while considering your previous offer of 7000, which shows a willingness to negotiate. I believe 7050 strikes a fair balance between the value of the product and your concerns about performance.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 7000. This price reflects my recognition of the product's quality while still addressing my concerns regarding its performance. It represents a fair compromise as we approach the conclusion of our negotiations.