Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity and a medium level of data entropy, indicating it can handle a reasonable amount of data with some complexity. However, the absence of critical traits like Model Performance Improvement, Data Life, History, and Market makes the valuation uncertain. Given these factors, the price is set moderately to reflect its usability while accounting for the lack of clarity in other important aspects.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': "The product shows a moderate improvement in model performance (MPI of 0.25) and has a long data life, which adds to its value. The medium data entropy indicates a balance of complexity and usability, appealing to a wider range of users. The market score of 0.5 suggests there's moderate demand for such products, further justifying a reasonable price. However, the lack of historical data limits the confidence in long-term performance predictions.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 20000. This price reflects the substantial value of the data product, which shows a moderate improvement in model performance and has a long data life. Its balance of complexity and usability, along with moderate market demand, further supports this premium pricing.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 3000. Given the significant gap between our valuations and the uncertainty surrounding critical traits such as Model Performance Improvement and Data Life, I believe this price better reflects the current market worth of the data product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, recognizing the value of the data product while still addressing market uncertainties. It balances the high potential performance improvement with a more realistic valuation in the current market landscape.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I believe this price strikes a solid balance between appreciating the seller's valuation and being mindful of the current market conditions. It acknowledges the potential of the data product while also reflecting my budget constraints and desire for a fair deal.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, showing appreciation for the data product's value while still recognizing market conditions. It's a fair step forward in our negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price is a fair acknowledgment of the data product's value while still accommodating my budget considerations. It shows my commitment to reaching an agreement while remaining realistic about market conditions.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects my recognition of the data product's value while considering the budget constraints we've discussed. It keeps us in the ballpark of a reasonable compromise and acknowledges the buyer's previous offers.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price continues to reflect a fair compromise, acknowledging the seller's recent offer while still respecting my budget constraints. I'm confident this amount represents a reasonable valuation of the data product's worth.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects the data product's inherent value while still being a reasonable compromise given our previous discussions. Let's move closer to a deal.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price is a fair acknowledgment of the product's value while also considering our past negotiations. I'm keen to reach an agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects the data product's value while considering both the buyer's budget and the ongoing negotiations. It's a reasonable compromise that recognizes the quality and potential of the product.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the value of the data product while still being within my budget constraints. It acknowledges the quality and potential of the product, and I hope we can finalize our negotiations with this reasonable compromise.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects the true value of the data product, maintaining consistency with our previous negotiations while being a reasonable compromise for both parties. Let's move forward to finalize this deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price is a fair and reasonable adjustment that reflects my commitment to reach an agreement while considering our previous discussions. It aligns closely with the seller's recent offer and demonstrates my willingness to negotiate effectively. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while still being competitive in our ongoing negotiations. It's a balanced approach considering the buyer's previous offers and the market context. Let's move forward toward closing the deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price continues to reflect a fair and reasonable assessment of the value of the data product while remaining within my budget constraints. It is a strategic move to keep the negotiations progressing towards a successful close. Let's finalize this deal.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects the true value of the data product while acknowledging the previous offers and counteroffers. It's a fair compromise that aligns with our ongoing negotiations and the product's worth.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price continues to reflect a fair compromise based on our past negotiations while taking into account the product's value and my budget constraints. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 14500. This reflects the consistent value we've seen in our negotiations and acknowledges the buyer's commitment to a fair deal while staying within market expectations. Let's finalize this agreement.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the seller's consistent valuation while remaining within my budget considerations. Let's work towards finalizing this mutually beneficial agreement.