Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a long data life and sufficient capacity, which suggests it can be used effectively over time. However, the medium data entropy indicates it may require some effort to manage the data. The lack of information on model performance improvement and market conditions introduces uncertainty, but the overall attributes suggest a moderate value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be appealing in competitive markets. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle demand, while a medium data entropy and long data life indicate that the data is relatively stable and useful over time. However, the market value of 0.5 suggests that there is some competition or limited demand. Overall, while there are some positive traits, the lack of historical data limits confidence in a higher valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1690.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, along with the stable and useful nature of the data over time. While I acknowledge the competitive market, I believe this pricing accurately captures the value of the data product.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The offered price is significantly lower than my expected value, and while I recognize the performance enhancement, I believe my offer more accurately reflects the moderate value considering the data's management requirements and current market conditions.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while considering the buyer's perspective on market conditions and management needs. It represents a fair compromise, recognizing the quality and stability of the product while being mindful of the buyer's budget.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's valuation and my budgetary constraints, while still recognizing the quality of the data product. It reflects a fair compromise that considers both parties' positions.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1725. I believe this price strikes a balance between the value of the data product and the buyer's budget considerations while still reflecting its quality and potential performance improvements.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price is a fair compromise that acknowledges the quality of the data product while still aligning with my budget considerations. This allows us to move forward effectively without compromising on value.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1710. This price reflects a fair compromise between the value of the data product and the budget considerations of the buyer, while still recognizing the quality and performance improvements it offers.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1680. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the product's quality and performance while still prioritizing my budget constraints. I believe this is a reasonable step towards finding a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1695. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between recognizing the product¡¯s value and acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints, while also moving closer to a potential agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1685. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise between my budget and the product's value, and it keeps us moving towards an agreement.