Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has a long data life and sufficient capacity, which indicates it can be valuable for long-term use. However, the medium data entropy and low market score suggest limited demand and potential complexity in usage. The NULL traits limit the overall confidence in the valuation, which is why the price reflects a cautious approach.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates it can enhance existing models effectively. The capacity is sufficient, and a long data life suggests durability and continued relevance. The medium data entropy implies a reasonable level of complexity, but the market score of 0.5 indicates average demand. Overall, these traits suggest a valuable product, but the lack of historical data limits confidence in long-term viability.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the moderate model performance improvement and the overall value of the data product, which can significantly enhance existing models. Given its durability and reasonable complexity, I believe this is a fair starting point for our negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. The product's medium data entropy and low market score indicate limited demand, and the NULL traits raise uncertainty in its overall valuation. My offer reflects a cautious approach to ensure we can reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. This price reflects the significant value and performance improvements of the model, while also considering the buyer's concerns about demand. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the quality of the product while making it more accessible.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4900. This price reflects my appreciation for the seller's acknowledgment of the product's quality while still addressing my concerns about demand and valuation. I believe this is a reasonable step towards finding common ground.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5000. This price reflects the value of the product based on its quality and performance, while also considering the buyer's previous offer of 4900. I believe it's a fair compromise that acknowledges both the product's worth and the buyer's perspective.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price aligns well with my previous offer and reflects my ongoing interest in the product while still being mindful of the seller¡¯s valuation. It maintains a fair compromise between our perspectives, acknowledging both quality and my budget constraints.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 4950. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the high quality and performance of the product while acknowledging the buyer's budget concerns. Let's move forward with this reasonable adjustment.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 4850. I believe this price strikes a balance between the quality of the product and my budget constraints. I'm still interested in moving forward, and I hope we can reach an agreement that works for both of us.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 4900. This price reflects my willingness to find common ground while still valuing the quality and performance of the product. I believe this is a fair compromise that takes into account both our perspectives on value and demand.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this offer strikes a balance between my budget constraints and the product's perceived value. While I recognize the quality you're offering, I still need to ensure that my investment aligns with my financial considerations. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 4850. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's last offer. It maintains the product's perceived quality while acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4750. I believe this price is a fair adjustment that reflects my ongoing interest in the product while also addressing the seller's last offer. It shows my willingness to negotiate within a reasonable range, balancing quality with budget constraints.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects a reasonable adjustment considering the ongoing negotiations and the product's quality. It allows us to move closer to a final agreement while recognizing the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4700. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's expectations and my budget constraints, while also reflecting the value I see in the product. It's a fair and reasonable offer that allows us to continue making progress toward an agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4750. I believe this price reflects a fair adjustment considering the ongoing negotiations and the value of the product, while still being competitive given the buyer's recent offer of 4700. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4650. I believe this offer reflects my continued interest in the product while also considering my budget constraints. This price is a reasonable step towards reaching a mutually beneficial agreement. Let's keep the negotiations moving forward.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 4700. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while considering the product's quality and the budget constraints you have expressed in previous rounds. Let's move closer to an agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 4600. I believe this represents a reasonable compromise between the seller's latest offer and my budget constraints. This price acknowledges the product's quality while allowing us to move closer to a deal before the final rounds. Let's finalize this agreement.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 4650. This price reflects both the quality and performance of the product while considering the buyer's ongoing interest and budget constraints. I believe this is a fair compromise that could lead us to a successful agreement.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 4550. This price reflects my assessment of the product's value while still considering the seller's previous offer and our ongoing negotiations. I believe this is a strong and reasonable offer that respects both our interests.