Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a reasonable Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can enhance existing models to some extent. However, the lack of data on Life, History, and Market limits the understanding of its long-term value and market potential. Given the medium data entropy and sufficient capacity, it suggests a moderate level of quality and usability, which supports a middle-range pricing strategy.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.25 indicates a significant enhancement, which can attract users looking for better performance. The capacity is stated as "enough," suggesting it can handle a reasonable amount of data. Furthermore, the data life is long, adding durability and potential long-term value. However, the medium data entropy could imply some complexity in the data management, while the market score of 0.5 is average, suggesting moderate demand. Since there are NULL values in the history trait, it limits the confidence in the product¡¯s track record. Overall, these traits suggest a valuable product but with some caution due to the lack of historical data.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:16675.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant enhancements in model performance and the overall durability of the data product, which adds considerable long-term value for potential users.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 14000. While I acknowledge the enhancements in model performance, the lack of comprehensive data on Life, History, and Market raises concerns about the long-term value. A price of 14000 better reflects the moderate quality and usability of the product, considering these factors.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 17000. I believe this price reflects the significant enhancements in model performance and durability we discussed while also being reasonable enough to address your concerns about comprehensive data. Let's move forward on this.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 16500. This price takes into account the enhancements in model performance and durability that you've mentioned while still addressing my concerns about the lack of comprehensive data. I'm looking for a fair compromise that reflects both our positions. Let's continue our negotiation.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 16800. I believe this price reflects the enhancements in model performance and durability while also being a fair compromise considering the buyer's concerns.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 16700. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's emphasis on enhancements and my concerns regarding the data's long-term value. It represents a slight increase from my previous offer, showing my willingness to negotiate while still being prudent.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 16750. This price reflects the ongoing improvements in the product's performance and durability while remaining considerate of your concerns regarding long-term value. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges both perspectives.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 16600. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's enhancements while still addressing my concerns about long-term value. It's a reasonable step towards reaching an agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 16750. This price reflects the significant enhancements in performance and durability that have been consistently acknowledged, while still considering the buyer's concerns about long-term value. I'm confident this is a fair and compelling offer that bridges our positions.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 16650. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's enhancements in performance and durability while still reflecting my concerns about long-term value. It's a step towards a fair agreement and demonstrates my willingness to negotiate while remaining mindful of my budget constraints.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 16700. I believe this price reflects the enhancements in model performance and durability while also addressing the buyer's concerns about long-term value. This is a fair compromise that acknowledges the improvements made while remaining within a reasonable range for both parties.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 16600. I believe this price still acknowledges the seller's enhancements while staying within my budget constraints. It's a reasonable offer that reflects my ongoing interest in the product while addressing my concerns about long-term value.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 16750. This price reflects the value of the product, considering its significant enhancements in model performance and durability while also taking into account the buyer's budget constraints and long-term value concerns. Let's move towards a resolution that benefits both parties.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 16650. This price reflects my acknowledgement of the seller's enhancements in model performance and durability, while still taking into account the budget constraints I must adhere to. I believe this offer is fair and conducive to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 16700. This price reflects the significant enhancements in performance and durability of the product, while still considering the buyer's budget constraints. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the value of the product and the financial considerations at play.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 16650. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the seller's enhancements in performance and durability while still being mindful of my budget constraints. It demonstrates my willingness to find a middle ground and move forward in this negotiation.