Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('medium', 'medium'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.25 suggests a significant enhancement in capabilities, which can attract users looking for better results. Coupled with a long data life, it implies durability and ongoing value. However, the NULL traits related to history and market limit the confidence in the valuation. Thus, the price reflects a balance between the potential benefits and the uncertainty.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The product shows a moderate improvement in model performance (MPI of 0.25) and has a long data life, which indicates ongoing relevance and utility. The medium data entropy suggests that the data is somewhat complex but manageable. The market value at 0.5 indicates a reasonable demand, although the lack of historical data limits the assessment of the product's track record. Therefore, while there are some uncertainties due to the NULL history, the other traits suggest a solid value.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1732.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the data product's moderate improvement in model performance and its long data life, which suggests ongoing relevance and utility. The complexity and market demand further support a premium valuation, making this an attractive opportunity for investment.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price acknowledges the seller's reasonable offer while reflecting my expectation of a lower investment given the uncertainty in the data product's history and market potential. This balance allows for a fair negotiation while aiming for a more favorable deal.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the buyer's interest while still emphasizing the value of the product based on its potential and relevance in the market.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1725. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's compromise while also positioning the offer closer to my initial valuation, ensuring that I recognize the product's potential without overextending my budget.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this is a fair price that reflects the quality and potential of the data product while considering the buyer's previous offer. Let's move forward and find a resolution.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1720. This price reflects my appreciation for the value of the data product while still being mindful of my budget constraints. I believe this is a reasonable step towards finding a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price accurately reflects the quality and potential of the data product while still being within a reasonable range for both parties. Let's find common ground and move forward.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1725. I believe this price strikes a fair balance and reflects my ongoing interest in securing the data product while acknowledging the seller's valuation. Let's work together to finalize this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the product's true value while still being reasonable for both parties, considering the previous offers and the potential for a successful agreement. Let's move towards finalizing this deal.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1720. This price reflects my continued interest in the product while recognizing the seller's valuation and the market dynamics at play. I believe this is a fair compromise that encourages us to move closer to a successful agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1740. This price reflects a balanced approach, considering the product's value while still aiming to meet the buyer's budget constraints. Let's move towards a resolution that benefits us both.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1725. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering both the product's value and my budget constraints. I'm keen on moving forward and reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.