Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity and low data entropy, indicating it can provide reliable insights with manageable complexity. However, the absence of information on Model Performance Improvement and History limits its potential value. The market rating of 0.4 suggests a moderate demand, leading to a conservative price estimate.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in model performance, which is a positive trait. However, the market value of 0.4 suggests limited demand, which could suppress pricing. The low data entropy implies that the data is reliable and consistent, while the medium data life indicates that the product will remain relevant for a reasonable period. Overall, the combination of these factors suggests a moderate price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1605.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the substantial value of the data product, given its reliable and consistent nature along with a moderate enhancement in model performance. I believe this price accurately captures the unique advantages and relevance of the product in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. I believe this price more accurately reflects the current market demand and the absence of information on Model Performance Improvement and History, which limits the product's potential value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's substantial value and the buyer's concerns about market demand. It positions us closer to an agreement while still recognizing the quality and performance enhancements that my data product delivers.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. While I recognize the seller's position and the value of the data product, I believe that my offer better reflects the current market demand and the uncertainties surrounding the model's performance. This price allows for a reasonable compromise while still considering the buyer's perspective.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects a fair compromise between the product's substantial value and the market dynamics we've discussed. It allows us to move forward while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about performance uncertainties.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price takes into account the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my concerns about the product's performance uncertainties and the current market demand. Let's find a middle ground that satisfies both parties and allows us to move forward.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price represents a balanced compromise that reflects the data product's substantial value while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns regarding market demand and performance uncertainties.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price better reflects my concerns about market demand and performance uncertainties while still showing a willingness to negotiate. Let's find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1625. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing discussions and the need to move towards a resolution while acknowledging the value of the data product.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price continues to reflect my concerns regarding the product's value and market demand while still being a reasonable step towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1610. This price reflects my recognition of the buyer's concerns while also considering the intrinsic value and quality of the data product. It presents a reasonable compromise that acknowledges both sides' positions.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise based on our ongoing discussions, taking into account the market demand and the concerns surrounding the product's performance. It remains within a reasonable range that acknowledges both the value of the data product and my reservations.