Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'Although several traits are NULL, the product has sufficient capacity, which suggests it can handle a reasonable volume of data. This could be valuable in certain markets, particularly if there is a demand for data products that can scale. However, the lack of information on performance, data quality, and market specifics limits the overall confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a significant enhancement in performance, which can be valuable in competitive markets. The capacity being described as "enough" suggests that the product can handle the required data loads. However, the high data entropy and short data life raise concerns about the longevity and reliability of the data, which could limit its applicability. The market score of 0.3 implies a moderate demand. Overall, while there are valuable aspects, the limitations on data life and entropy might reduce the overall value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:5025.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the significant enhancement in performance indicated by the model performance improvement of 0.25, as well as the capacity to handle the required data loads effectively. Given the competitive market landscape, this value is justified despite the concerns surrounding data entropy and life.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4800. While I recognize the potential enhancements in performance and capacity, the uncertainty surrounding data quality and market specifics leads me to a more cautious valuation. I believe this price reflects a fair starting point for negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the quality and performance enhancements of the data, while still being a reasonable compromise considering your previous offer. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges the value of the product.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5300. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the value improvements noted by the seller while still being cautious about my previous concerns regarding data quality. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the enhancements while keeping my valuation grounded.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5400. This price reflects the enhanced value of the data product while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about data quality. I'm confident that this represents a fair compromise, given the improvements made.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price reflects a balanced approach, acknowledging the seller's improvements while still addressing my ongoing concerns about the data quality. It's a fair compromise that I¡¯m comfortable with.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5350. I believe this price reflects the recent enhancements in the data product while addressing the buyer's concerns about data quality. It strikes a balance between the value provided and the cautious approach from the buyer.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5250. This price acknowledges the seller's enhancements while still reflecting my ongoing concerns about data quality. It demonstrates my willingness to negotiate while keeping my guard up regarding the product's value.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5300. I believe this price reflects the value of the enhancements made to the data product while addressing the buyer's concerns about data quality. It strikes a balance between our previous discussions and shows my willingness to collaborate towards a deal.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5200. I believe this price reflects my acknowledgment of the seller's enhancements while still addressing my ongoing concerns about data quality. It shows a willingness to move forward while maintaining a cautious approach to valuation.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5250. Given the ongoing discussions and the recent enhancements to the data product, this price reflects a fair compromise while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about data quality. I believe this value demonstrates my willingness to collaborate and move forward in this negotiation.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5150. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while continuing to address my concerns regarding data quality. It demonstrates my willingness to engage in a constructive negotiation while remaining cautious about the investment.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5200. This price reflects a balanced approach, taking into account the ongoing enhancements to the data product while acknowledging the buyer's cautious stance on quality. It's a fair compromise that recognizes the value of improvements made.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5100. I believe this price reflects a reasonable middle ground that acknowledges the seller's improvements while addressing my ongoing concerns about data quality. It's a fair step towards a potential agreement that considers both parties' positions.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5150. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering both the enhancements made to the product and the buyer's ongoing concerns. It's an opportunity to move forward while still acknowledging the value of the improvements.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5050. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance, reflecting my appreciation for the enhancements made while still addressing my concerns about data quality. This proposal allows us to move forward in our negotiations while respecting both parties' positions.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5100. I believe this price reflects a balanced approach, acknowledging the ongoing improvements in the product while considering the buyer's concerns about data quality. It positions us both favorably for a potential agreement as we move closer to a resolution.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5000. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between recognizing the seller's improvements and my ongoing concerns about data quality. It moves us closer to a resolution while still being cautious in my approach.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5050. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the enhancements made to the data product, while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns about data quality. Let's move forward!
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5000. This price reflects my ongoing concerns about data quality while also acknowledging the seller's enhancements. I believe it's a fair compromise as we move towards a conclusion in our negotiations.