Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '500', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity but lacks critical traits such as Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy. Additionally, the short data life suggests limited long-term value. Given these factors and the significant number of NULL traits, the expected price is relatively low.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates potential for enhancing existing systems. The capacity being "enough" suggests it can handle a reasonable volume of data. However, the high data entropy indicates complexity and possibly lower reliability, while short data life suggests limited usability over time. The market score of 0.3 implies low demand or competition in the current landscape. Combining these factors, the price reflects a balance between potential utility and existing limitations.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 7000. This price reflects the significant potential for improving existing systems despite the noted limitations of the product, such as high data entropy and short data life. The moderate model performance improvement suggests that there is valuable utility in this data product that merits a premium price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 400. The product's significant limitations, including high data entropy and a short data life, severely diminish its long-term value, making a price of 400 more reflective of its actual worth.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the potential value of the data product while acknowledging its limitations, such as high data entropy and short data life. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the utility of the product while maintaining its realistic worth.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5900. I believe this price reflects a balanced approach, acknowledging the inherent limitations of the data product while still recognizing its potential value. It's a reasonable step towards reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 6000. I believe this price accurately reflects the product's potential value while considering its limitations, making it a fair deal for both parties.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5900. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between acknowledging the product's potential value while also considering the limitations highlighted by the seller. It's a strategic move to keep the negotiations moving forward toward a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5900. This price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the product's potential value and inherent limitations. It allows us to move forward in the negotiation while acknowledging the constraints of the data product.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5800. This price reflects my assessment of the data product's value, considering its potential despite the limitations you've mentioned. It represents a fair compromise that acknowledges the constraints while still allowing us to move forward in the negotiation.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5700. The product's value, while constrained by its inherent limitations, still has potential for practical application, and this price reflects my willingness to negotiate constructively and find common ground.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5600. Given the ongoing negotiations and the need to find a fair compromise, this price acknowledges the product's limitations while still recognizing its potential value. I believe this offer strikes a balance that can lead us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5500. Given the ongoing negotiations and the need to find common ground, this price reflects a balance between the product's inherent limitations and its potential value. I believe it is a fair proposition to advance our discussions.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, taking into account the product's limitations and the ongoing negotiations. It represents a step towards a fair agreement that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5300. I believe this price reflects a balanced approach, taking into account the product's limitations while still recognizing its potential value. It's a fair compromise for both parties to move forward.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5200. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's valuation while still considering the product's inherent limitations. It represents a fair and reasonable step forward in our negotiation, allowing us to find common ground as we move closer to a potential agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5100. This price reflects my assessment of the product's inherent limitations while acknowledging the buyer's previous offers. Let's continue working towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5000. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's limitations while still acknowledging its potential value. Let's move toward a beneficial agreement for both parties.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5100. I believe this price reflects the inherent limitations of the product while still recognizing its potential value. It presents a reasonable compromise as we move closer to a deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 4900. This price reflects my ongoing assessment of the product's limitations while still acknowledging its potential value. It's a strategic move to bridge the gap between our positions and inch closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5000. This price reflects the product's value while acknowledging the buyer's previous offer, aiming for a fair compromise in these final negotiations.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation of the product, considering its limitations and the previous offers made. It acknowledges the seller's position while still aiming for a final agreement that recognizes the product's potential.