Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity, which indicates it can handle the required data volume, but with a short data life and several traits being NULL, it suggests limited utility and market performance. The market score of 0.3 suggests low demand, resulting in a modest valuation.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a reasonable Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates it can enhance existing models moderately. However, the high data entropy suggests it may contain a lot of variability, making it potentially valuable for certain applications. The "short" data life may limit its long-term value, but sufficient capacity can mitigate this. The market size of 0.3 indicates a moderately competitive environment, which could further influence pricing.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1425.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the data product's reasonable Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 and its potential value despite its short data life and high entropy. The competitive market indicates that this product can command a premium, and I believe it justifies the investment for enhanced model performance.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. The data product has limited utility due to its short data life and several NULL traits, which significantly impact its market performance and demand. Therefore, a price of 1400 reflects a more accurate valuation given these factors.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the potential value of the data product alongside its limitations. This should be an attractive offer for both parties.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1500. This price reflects my assessment of the product's potential value while still considering the limitations highlighted in our discussions. I believe this offer strikes a balance that acknowledges the seller's perspective while allowing us to move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1550. Given the data product's unique characteristics and the balanced assessments from our previous discussions, I believe this price acknowledges its potential value while considering the limitations we've addressed.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price reflects a fair evaluation of the data product, taking into account its unique characteristics while also acknowledging the limitations we've discussed. This offer maintains the balance we've been striving for in our negotiations.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1550. Given the unique value of the data product and its potential for performance improvement, I believe this price reflects a fair assessment while considering its limitations. Let's move forward with a balanced approach.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price acknowledges both the unique value of the data product and its limitations, providing a fair compromise that allows us to move forward effectively.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1500. This price reflects a fair compromise considering both the unique value of the data product and its limitations, ensuring a balanced negotiation.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1450. I believe this price acknowledges the product's limitations while still reflecting its unique value proposition. It¡¯s a reasonable step towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1500. This price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while acknowledging its limitations. I believe this is a reasonable compromise that could benefit both parties in this negotiation.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1450. This price acknowledges the seller's perspective while still reflecting the limitations of the product. It strikes a balance between our previous offers and keeps the negotiation progressing towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1450. This price reflects a reasonable balance between the product's unique value and its limitations, acknowledging the buyer's viewpoint while also considering the constraints of the data's utility. Let's move forward with this negotiation.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1400. I believe this price fairly captures the unique value of the data product while acknowledging the limitations it presents. It's a strategic move to facilitate progress in our negotiations, and I am confident it reflects a reasonable compromise for both parties.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1450. This price reflects a balanced view of the product's value considering its unique capabilities and limitations. It's a reasonable compromise that acknowledges both the potential benefits and the constraints of the data product.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1400. This price reflects my assessment of the data product's limited utility and the constraints we¡¯ve discussed. It represents a fair compromise given the circumstances, and I believe it's a reasonable step toward closing the deal.