Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': 'The product has a high data entropy, indicating a diverse and complex dataset, which can be valuable for various analytical applications. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement, data life, history, and market limits the confidence in the valuation. Nevertheless, with enough capacity, it can still be useful in data-driven environments.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which is valuable in competitive markets. However, the high data entropy suggests that the data may be complex or noisy, while the short data life implies that the product may not have long-term utility. The market rating of 0.3 indicates some demand, but it is relatively low. Given these factors, the expected price reflects a balance between the potential value of the product and its limitations.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1655.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the model performance improvement, alongside the complexity and short data life of the product. I believe this starting price captures the potential value while allowing room for negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. While the seller's price of 1800 reflects some value, I believe the complexity and short data life significantly lower the potential worth of the product. Therefore, I am starting with a more conservative offer that aligns with my assessment of the data's limited utility.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. The product demonstrates significant performance improvements, and I believe this price reflects its enhanced value while accounting for its complexity and data lifespan.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. While I appreciate the seller's perspective on the product's performance improvements, I still believe that the complexity and short data lifespan necessitate a more conservative valuation. This price reflects my confidence in finding a fair middle ground while recognizing the inherent value of the product.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's significant performance improvements and the challenges posed by its complexity and short data lifespan. This offer demonstrates my confidence in the product's value while remaining open to negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance considering the product's performance enhancements while also accounting for its inherent complexities and limited data lifespan. This offer reflects my confidence in its value and keeps the negotiation moving forward.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1700. The product's performance improvements justify this price, and I believe it reflects its true value in the current market. Let's move forward on this.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1650. The product's performance improvements are impressive, but I still believe that a slightly lower price reflects its complexities and short data lifespan more accurately. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges both the value and the limitations of the product.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1675. The product's unique features and performance improvements justify a price that reflects its potential, while still acknowledging the complexities involved.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1650. The product¡¯s unique features and performance improvements certainly add value, but I still believe my offer reflects a balanced consideration of its complexities and the market dynamics at play.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1660. This price reflects the unique complexities and the robust performance improvements of the product while still considering the market dynamics we've discussed. I'm confident this price represents a fair value for both parties.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price reflects my continued recognition of the product's performance improvements while also considering its complexities and market dynamics. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the product while remaining within my budget.