Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a positive Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can enhance performance to some extent. However, the short data life and lack of other key traits like data entropy and history suggest limited long-term value. Given that the capacity is sufficient and there may be some demand for products with performance improvements, a moderate price is justified.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates some potential for effectiveness; however, its high data entropy suggests complexity and potential challenges in usage. The short data life implies that the product may not provide long-term value. The market score of 0.3 indicates a relatively low demand. Overall, these traits balance each other out, leading to a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1555.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate model performance improvement and the potential effectiveness of the data product, despite its complexities and short data life. I believe this price captures the unique value it can bring to a buyer.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. The offered price of 1800 is too high considering the short data life and limited long-term value of the product. While the model performance improvement is positive, I believe 1400 is a fair starting point that reflects the product's current worth.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. The unique value and performance improvements of the product justify a higher price, but I am willing to adjust to facilitate a deal.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. While I appreciate the seller's willingness to adjust, I still believe that the product's limited long-term value and short data life necessitate a more modest price. This offer reflects my commitment to reach a fair agreement while considering the product's overall utility.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects the balance between acknowledging the product's unique value while also considering the buyer's perspective on its limited long-term value. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes both sides in the negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a fair acknowledgment of both the product¡¯s unique value and its limited long-term worth. While I appreciate the seller's position, I am still inclined to stay within a reasonable range that reflects my perspective on the product's lifespan.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects the product's unique value while also considering the buyer's concerns about its limited long-term worth. It strikes a fair balance, allowing us to move forward with the deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's concerns about the product¡¯s unique value while still considering its limited long-term worth. It represents a reasonable compromise to facilitate a swift resolution to our negotiations.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1575. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's unique value and the buyer's concerns about its long-term worth. It allows us to move closer to a deal while still acknowledging the quality of what I¡¯m offering.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price is reasonable given the ongoing discussions about the product's long-term value and aligns closely with the seller's last offer. This allows us to maintain momentum in our negotiations while still reflecting my concerns about the product's lifespan.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1560. This price reflects the unique value of the product while considering the buyer's concerns about its long-term worth. I believe this is a reasonable compromise that can lead us closer to an agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1550. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my concerns about the product's long-term value. It represents a fair compromise that keeps us moving toward a mutually beneficial agreement.