Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'While the product has sufficient capacity, the lack of information on model performance, data entropy, data life, history, and market limits the overall valuation. However, the presence of adequate capacity suggests it has potential utility, leading to a moderate price expectation.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can enhance performance significantly compared to existing solutions. However, the high data entropy suggests complexity and potential challenges in usage, along with a short data life that may limit its long-term value. The market score of 0.4 indicates there is some demand, but it is not very strong. The lack of historical data makes it difficult to fully assess reliability and user acceptance, which affects overall confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1975.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement this data product provides, showcasing its potential to enhance performance compared to existing solutions. Despite some challenges associated with data complexity and a short data life, the value it can deliver justifies this higher starting price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1800. While I acknowledge the potential enhancements this data product may provide, the concerns regarding data complexity and short data life significantly impact its overall valuation. Therefore, I believe 1800 is a fair starting point for this negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2200. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product, considering its significant performance improvements, while also addressing concerns regarding data complexity and lifespan.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2100. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the acknowledged performance improvements of the data product and the seller's concerns about its complexity and lifespan.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2150. Given the ongoing discussions and the positive feedback about the data product's performance improvements, I believe this price strikes a balance between our concerns and the value being offered.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2100. I believe this price reflects the significant value and performance improvements of the data product while addressing the seller's concerns. It¡¯s a fair compromise that keeps us moving forward in our negotiations.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2100. I believe this price reflects the significant value of the data product while also addressing the concerns regarding its complexity and lifespan. This is a fair compromise that recognizes the improvements while still being mindful of the challenges.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's perspective on the data product's value and addressing the complexity concerns. It reflects my confidence in the product's performance while still being mindful of the seller's considerations.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2050. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise between the product's value and the buyer's concerns regarding its complexity and lifespan. Let's move forward and find common ground.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this amount strikes a fair balance between the value of the data product and the concerns regarding its complexity and lifespan. This way, we can find common ground and move forward effectively.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2025. This price reflects a reasonable compromise while acknowledging the data product's performance improvements alongside its complexities. I believe this balance positions us well for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price is a fair compromise that acknowledges the data product's value while also considering the complexities and lifespan concerns we've discussed. It reflects my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2010. I believe this price reflects the product's value while considering both the performance improvements and the complexities that have been discussed. It's a reasonable midpoint that aims for a constructive agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1950. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's perspective while still respecting my budget constraints. It reflects a willingness to find a middle ground, considering the product's value and the complexities involved.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2000. I believe this price reflects the product's value while considering the buyer's budget constraints, and it aims for a fair compromise between both parties.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1950. I believe this price strikes a fair balance by acknowledging the seller's offer while still considering the product's value and my budget constraints. This compromise reflects my confidence in the product's performance while aiming for a mutually beneficial agreement.