Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': "The product has enough capacity for use, but the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, Data Life, and History significantly limits its appeal and value. The market score of 0.4 indicates a low demand, which further constrains the expected price. Given these factors, a conservative estimate reflects the potential market interest against the uncertainty of the product's capabilities.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate improvement in model performance (MPI of 0.25) which can attract interest in a competitive market with a market value of 0.4. However, the high data entropy and short data life suggest limitations in usability and longevity, which may impact long-term value. Thus, the expected price reflects potential demand while considering these constraints.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1675.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate improvement in model performance and the potential demand in a competitive market, despite the constraints of high data entropy and short data life. I believe this value captures the unique benefits of the data product.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The seller's price of 1800 does not align with my valuation of the data product, considering the significant limitations in model performance improvement and data quality. My offer reflects a more cautious approach based on the product's low market score and the associated risks.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects a balanced assessment of the market demand while still addressing my concerns about the model performance and data quality. I believe this offer is fair and competitive, aligning with the potential value this data can provide.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, taking into account the seller's concerns about model performance and data quality while still acknowledging the potential value of the data. This offer also shows my willingness to engage constructively in the negotiation.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1680. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the market demand and our previous discussions on model performance and data quality. It acknowledges the buyer's concerns while still valuing the data product appropriately.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1670. I believe this price strikes a solid balance, taking into account the seller's offer while still reflecting my assessment of market value and the need for a fair compromise on the quality of the data product.