Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'While several traits are NULL, the product has adequate capacity, which suggests it can handle a reasonable amount of data. However, the short data life limits its long-term value. The expected price reflects a moderate demand for such a product, given its limited but functional characteristics.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product demonstrates a notable Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating its potential effectiveness in enhancing existing models. However, the high data entropy suggests complexity and potential challenges in data interpretation. The short data life may limit the longevity and sustained value of the product. Given the market score of 0.4, there is some demand, but it is moderate. Overall, the combination of these traits suggests a reasonable price reflecting its capabilities while considering its limitations.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2025.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 that our data product delivers, showcasing its impressive potential to enhance existing models. While the data's complexity and short life may present challenges, the value it can bring justifies this premium price in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2000. While I acknowledge the Model Performance Improvement you're highlighting, I believe the complexities and short data life significantly affect its long-term value. My offer reflects a more cautious approach to its current worth in this market.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2400. I believe this price reflects the substantial value of the data I am providing while taking into account the complexities and potential longevity issues. This is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the improved Model Performance Improvement (MPI) while also considering the data's intricacies.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2300. I believe this price represents a fair assessment of the data's value while still acknowledging the seller's concerns about its complexities and potential longevity issues. It reflects my willingness to negotiate while aiming for a price that aligns with the improved Model Performance Improvement (MPI) we both recognize.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2350. The data has significant value and I believe this price reflects a fair assessment while still recognizing the complexities involved.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2250. I believe this price reflects a balanced approach, considering the data's value and its complexities while still being competitive.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2300. I believe this price reflects the value of the data while considering the complexities involved, making it a fair and competitive offer for both parties.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2200. I believe this price not only acknowledges the seller's valuation but also reflects my assessment of the data's potential while allowing for a reasonable negotiation space. This offer strikes a balance between our perspectives and keeps the deal moving forward.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2250. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the complexities and potential value of the data while still acknowledging the buyer's interest. Let's move forward with this.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2200. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's valuation while still considering the complexities and potential value of the data. I'm confident this offer is reasonable and aligns with our previous negotiations. Let's aim to finalize this deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2250. This price reflects a fair balance, considering the complexities and potential short-term value of the data. I believe this is a reasonable step towards closing the deal.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2150. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between acknowledging the seller's valuation and my assessment of the data's complexities and short-term value. It's a reasonable step towards reaching an agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2200. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the complexities and value of the data, while still acknowledging the buyer's concerns. I believe this is a reasonable step towards closing the deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2100. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my valuation of the data's complexities and potential. I believe this is a fair step towards reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2150. I believe this price strikes a fair balance considering the buyer's last offer and reflects the data's worth while also acknowledging the complexities involved. Let's move towards finalizing this deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2050. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise between our previous offers while recognizing the complexities and value of the data. Let¡¯s work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 2100. This price reflects a solid compromise that acknowledges the buyer¡¯s concerns while still valuing the data appropriately. Let's work towards finalizing this deal!
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price reflects a fair acknowledgment of the data's complexities while still emphasizing my budget constraints. Let's finalize this deal and move forward!
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 2050. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, considering the previous negotiations and the complexities involved in valuing the data. It acknowledges the buyer's budget constraints while still recognizing the data's worth.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 2000. This price aligns with my budget constraints while still recognizing the value of the data. I believe it reflects a fair assessment given the previous negotiations and the complexities involved in this deal.