Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in the product's performance, which can be appealing in a competitive market. The market rating of 0.4 suggests there is some demand, but the lack of data on entropy, life, and history limits the overall confidence in the product's robustness and longevity. Thus, the price reflects a balance between potential and uncertainty.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can attract users looking for better outcomes. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle typical workloads, while low data entropy implies that the data is well-structured and easier to interpret. A medium data life indicates that the data is still relevant, and the market score of 0.4 suggests there is some demand, although it is not very high. Overall, the combination of these factors supports a reasonable price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, as well as the well-structured nature of the data, which makes it easier for users to interpret and utilize effectively. I believe this value captures the potential demand and relevance of the data product in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 500. Given the uncertainty around the data's robustness and the lack of additional supporting metrics, I believe this price reflects an appropriate entry point for negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2000. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the data robustness concerns I have, while still appreciating the value of the improved model performance highlighted by the buyer.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1900. This price acknowledges the seller's concerns about data robustness while also reflecting the significant improvements in model performance that justify a higher valuation. I believe this is a reasonable compromise that benefits both parties.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2100. I believe that the improvements made to the model's performance justify a slightly higher price, while still being reasonable in light of previous concerns regarding data robustness.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I recognize the improvements in model performance and the seller's justification for a higher price, but I believe 2000 is a fair valuation that considers both the advancements made and the ongoing concerns about data robustness.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2050. I believe this reflects the improvements made in the model while still addressing the ongoing concerns about data robustness. This price is a fair compromise that recognizes the value of the enhancements while maintaining a cautious approach.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1950. I believe this price acknowledges the improvements made in the model while still being a cautious approach, considering the ongoing concerns about data robustness. It reflects my commitment to finding a fair deal that recognizes the value of the enhancements while ensuring we address the fundamental issues at hand.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2000. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the model's improvements while still maintaining a cautious stance regarding data robustness. I believe it strikes a fair balance between your valuation and my concerns.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the seller's recent offer while valuing the improvements in model performance. It addresses the concerns about data robustness without underestimating the enhancements made.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2000. This price reflects the significant improvements in the model¡¯s performance while still acknowledging the ongoing concerns about data robustness. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the value of enhancements while addressing the necessary caution.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1900. Given the ongoing improvements in the model's performance, I believe this price effectively balances the enhancements with the necessary caution regarding data robustness concerns. It reflects a fair compromise while still acknowledging the value of the enhancements made.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1950. This price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the significant improvements in model performance while still addressing the ongoing concerns about data robustness. Let's find common ground and move forward.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1850. This price reflects my recognition of the improvements in model performance while still addressing my concerns regarding data robustness. I believe this offer strikes a balance that acknowledges the progress made without overlooking the fundamental issues. Let's work together to reach an agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1900. This price reflects a balanced valuation that acknowledges the improvements in model performance while still addressing the ongoing concerns about data robustness. I'm confident this is a fair compromise that can move us closer to a deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1800. I believe this price fairly reflects the improvements in model performance while still addressing the ongoing concerns about data robustness. It is a reasonable step towards reaching a mutual agreement, allowing us to move forward in this negotiation.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 1850. This price acknowledges the improvements in model performance while still being mindful of the ongoing concerns about data robustness. I'm aiming for a balanced approach that recognizes the enhancements without overlooking the fundamental issues at play.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 1750. I believe this price strikes a fair balance by acknowledging the improvements in model performance while still being cautious about the ongoing concerns regarding data robustness. It's a step forward from the seller's offer while remaining mindful of the need for a sustainable and reliable data product.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the progress made in model performance while still prioritizing the need for robust data quality. It's a step towards a fair compromise that values the enhancements while addressing fundamental concerns.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's acknowledgment of progress in model performance, while still emphasizing the need for robust data quality. It represents a fair and reasonable compromise as we approach the conclusion of our negotiations.