Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and high data entropy, which indicates it can handle complex and varied data effectively. However, the lack of information regarding model performance improvement, data life, history, and market diminishes the overall confidence in its value. Given these factors, a moderate valuation is justified based on the strengths present while acknowledging the uncertainty due to the NULL traits.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a decent enhancement in performance, which is valuable in competitive markets. However, the high data entropy suggests that the data is complex or difficult to interpret, which might limit its usability. The short data life implies that the product may not provide long-term value, but the market score of 0.4 suggests there is some demand. Overall, these factors point to a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1567.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the valuable model performance improvement of 0.25, which is a significant enhancement in competitive markets, despite the challenges posed by the high data entropy and short data life. The market demand score of 0.4 indicates that there is interest in this data product, making it worth a premium.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. The current offer of 1800 does not align with my valuation of the data product considering its limitations such as data life and uncertainty in model performance improvements. While I acknowledge the potential value, I believe a more moderate price reflects the current market conditions and inherent risks.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects the value of the data product while considering its limitations and the associated market risks. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the performance improvements while still being mindful of potential concerns.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1550. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the seller's perspective while still valuing the performance improvements of the data product. I believe this offer is a reasonable midpoint that addresses both parties' concerns and encourages a constructive negotiation.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1575.0. This price reflects a fair compromise between our previous discussions, acknowledging the value of the data product while also considering the limitations and market risks that have been highlighted. Let¡¯s move forward with this realistic offer.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1560.0. This price strikes a balance between recognizing the seller's offer and my previous valuations, while still reflecting the product's limitations and market dynamics. Let's continue to negotiate towards a mutually beneficial agreement.