Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and high data entropy, which indicates it can handle diverse and complex data types. However, the NULL values for Model Performance Improvement and Data Life suggest a lack of critical information that could significantly influence its value. The market value of 0.4 indicates moderate demand, which also limits the potential price. Therefore, while the product has some strong attributes, the uncertainties reduce overall confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': "The product shows a solid model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates it can enhance existing processes or products. However, the high data entropy suggests that the data may be complex and difficult to manage. The short data life is a concern as it may limit the usability and longevity of the product's value. The market rating of 0.4 indicates moderate demand, which further supports a reasonable pricing strategy. Overall, the product has potential but also notable limitations.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant potential of the data product, given its solid model performance improvement of 0.25, which could substantially enhance existing processes. While there are complexities due to high data entropy and a short data life, I believe the value it brings justifies this initial ask.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 3000. While I understand the potential of the data product, the uncertainties around model performance improvement and data life significantly limit its overall value. Given these factors, my offer reflects a more cautious approach to the investment at this time.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. The data product provides significant model performance improvements, which I believe justifies a higher valuation. While I understand your concerns, the value of this data is substantial for achieving optimal results in your projects.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14000. The seller's offer is still too high for my budget, but I recognize the potential value of the data product. This offer reflects my willingness to negotiate while remaining cautious about the uncertainties we've discussed.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, taking into account the significant value of the data product while also considering the buyer's budget constraints. Let's move forward with this negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price is a reasonable step forward that acknowledges the value of the data product while still considering my budget constraints. Let's work together to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects both the strong value of the data product and the budget considerations we've discussed. It shows a willingness to meet in the middle while acknowledging the product's potential.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the product's value while still demonstrating my commitment to reaching a deal. It's a reasonable step that acknowledges both the potential of the data and my budget considerations.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects a fair valuation of the data product's significant potential and aligns closely with our previous discussions, demonstrating a willingness to meet halfway while acknowledging its strong performance capabilities.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while considering both the product's value and my budget constraints. It aligns with our previous discussions and demonstrates my commitment to reaching an agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the strong value of the data product while acknowledging the budget considerations we've discussed. It's a fair compromise that recognizes the potential for both sides to benefit from this deal.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14400. This price reflects my understanding of the product's value while still considering my budget constraints. I believe this is a fair offer that acknowledges the potential benefits for both sides in this deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects a fair balance considering the ongoing negotiations and the product's value, while still recognizing the buyer's budget constraints. Let's move forward and finalize this deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price continues to reflect a fair compromise, considering the product's demonstrated value and my budget constraints. I'm eager to find common ground and move towards finalizing this deal.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects my willingness to reach a compromise while recognizing the value of the data product and the potential benefits of finalizing our deal soon. Let's aim to make this transaction beneficial for both parties.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price continues to reflect a fair valuation of the data product while acknowledging the budget constraints we've discussed. It¡¯s a reasonable step towards finalizing this deal, considering the mutual benefits we can gain from it. Let¡¯s work together to make this happen.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 14450. This price reflects my recognition of the data product's strong potential and the buyer's consistent interest, while also considering the ongoing negotiations. I believe this is a fair step toward reaching an agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 14350. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while also considering my budget constraints. It's a step closer to reaching an agreement that acknowledges both the potential of the data product and the need for a beneficial deal for both parties.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints, allowing us to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 14300. I believe this price is fair and reflects my budget constraints while still valuing the data product's potential. It allows us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement without exceeding the limits we've discussed.