Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement to the product's capabilities, which can be appealing in a competitive market. The market score of 0.4 suggests there is some demand for the product, although it is not high. However, the absence of crucial traits such as Data Entropy, Data Life, and History limits the ability to fully assess the product's long-term value, thus affecting the confidence in the valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a significant enhancement in performance, which is appealing in a competitive market. However, the high data entropy suggests complexity, and a short data life implies limited longevity. The market value of 0.4 indicates moderate demand. Overall, while there is potential, the short data life and high entropy may limit long-term utility, leading to a moderate price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1575.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. Given the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, this data product has substantial potential in a competitive market. The complexity indicated by high data entropy and the short data life do pose challenges, but I believe the initial price reflects the value of the performance enhancement and the current market demand.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. While the Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 does suggest some potential, the high data entropy and short data life raise concerns about the product's long-term viability. Therefore, I believe a more conservative price is appropriate given these limitations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. The potential of this data product is substantial, given the noted 0.25 Model Performance Improvement. Despite the challenges you've mentioned, I believe this price reflects the value and the opportunity for significant returns. Let's move forward with this.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The potential of the data product is acknowledged, but considering the challenges of high data entropy and short data life, I believe this price is more reflective of the current risks involved. Let's find a middle ground that recognizes both the opportunity and the uncertainties.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. The potential of the data product is clear, but I must consider the challenges we've discussed, including high data entropy and short data life. This price strikes a balance, acknowledging the value while remaining realistic about the current limitations.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The potential of the data product remains significant, especially with the noted model performance improvement. However, I must also account for the acknowledged challenges of high data entropy and short data life. My offer reflects a fair assessment of both the value and the limitations we face, moving us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1700. The potential of this data product is substantial, and I believe this price reflects a fair balance considering the challenges we've discussed, such as high data entropy and short data life. Let's move forward with this value in mind.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price effectively balances the considerable potential of the data product against the challenges we've discussed, such as high data entropy and short data life. Let's find common ground and move forward from here.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a fair balance considering the substantial potential of the data product while also accounting for the challenges of high data entropy and short data life. This offer aims to meet halfway between our previous positions, encouraging a positive progression towards a deal.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price acknowledges the substantial potential of the data product while also considering the challenges of high data entropy and short data life. It reflects my willingness to negotiate while ensuring we stay on track toward a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects both the substantial potential of the data product and the challenges we've discussed, such as high data entropy and short data life. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the value while also considering the limitations.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the potential of the data product and the acknowledged challenges, such as high data entropy and short data life. I'm confident that this offer is reasonable and moves us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects the ongoing challenges of high data entropy and short data life, while still acknowledging the substantial potential of the data product. I believe this is a fair and balanced position for both parties to consider moving forward.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1550. This price reflects my understanding of the challenges posed by high data entropy and short data life, while still valuing the significant potential of the data product. I believe this offer can facilitate a constructive dialogue towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1600. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the data product's potential while taking into account the ongoing challenges of high data entropy and short data life. This amount balances our previous discussions and keeps the negotiation moving forward.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that reflects the data product's potential while also acknowledging the inherent challenges of high data entropy and short data life. This offer aims to foster continued progress in our negotiations and move us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.