Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in model performance, which can be valuable in certain applications. However, the short data life and lack of history and market information suggest that the product may not have long-term utility or a robust demand. Therefore, the expected price reflects a cautious valuation based on available traits.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in model capabilities, which is valuable in data-driven markets. Despite the high data entropy suggesting complexity and variability, the short data life could imply that the product is less stable and may require frequent updates. The market demand of 0.4 indicates moderate interest, which can support the price. However, the lack of historical data is a significant limiting factor, leading to a cautious valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1525.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant value of the data product, given the moderate enhancement in model capabilities and the current market demand. The complexity and variability in the data make it a unique offering, justifying a higher price point as we navigate the negotiating landscape.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. The data product has a short life and lacks historical market information, which suggests that its long-term utility may be limited. Therefore, I believe a cautious approach is warranted, and this price reflects a balanced assessment of its current value and potential risks.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects the significant value and unique features of the data product while being more approachable for negotiation. Let's move closer to a deal.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price takes into account the limited long-term utility of the product and reflects a more reasonable position for negotiation. I believe we can find common ground to reach a favorable agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects a fair compromise, taking into account the product's unique features while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about its limited long-term utility. Let's find a resolution that benefits us both.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the product's unique features and its limited long-term utility. It aligns with our previous discussions and positions us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1625. This price reflects a fair compromise, recognizing the product's unique features while accommodating the buyer's concerns regarding its limited long-term utility. I believe this will move us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price acknowledges the seller's latest offer while still reflecting my concerns about the product's limited long-term utility. I believe this is a reasonable offer that brings us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1620. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the unique features and significant value of the product while addressing the buyer's concerns about its limited long-term utility. Let's work towards a deal that benefits both parties.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price takes into account the seller's concerns while still acknowledging the product's limited long-term utility. It reflects a reasonable compromise that could facilitate a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects my acknowledgment of your concerns regarding the product's limited long-term utility while still valuing its unique features and significant value. Let's find a middle ground that works for both of us.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1500. This price reflects my continued recognition of the product's limited long-term utility while still appreciating its unique features and value. I believe this offer is a fair compromise that respects both our positions in this negotiation.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1550. Given the ongoing discussions and the buyer's last offer of 1500, I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that values the unique features of the product while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns about its limited long-term utility. Let's move closer to an agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the product's limited long-term utility while still acknowledging its unique features. Let's work towards reaching a conclusion that benefits us both.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the unique features of the product while still being sensitive to the buyer's concerns about its limited long-term utility. Let's make this deal happen!
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price continues to reflect the balance between the product's unique features and its limited long-term utility. Let's find a resolution that works for both of us!