Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which is valuable in many competitive markets. However, the short Data Life and the NULL traits suggest limitations in long-term reliability and additional context. The market value of 0.4 indicates some demand but not overwhelming potential. Overall, the combination of these factors leads to a reasonable valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which is beneficial. The capacity being "enough" suggests that it can handle the anticipated workload. However, the high data entropy and short data life may limit its long-term applicability and reliability. The market value of 0.4 indicates a moderate demand, suggesting that while there is interest, it\'s not overwhelming. Given these factors, a price of 1500 seems reasonable as it reflects the product\'s potential while accounting for its limitations.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1575.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. Given the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, along with the product's adequate capacity, I believe this price reflects the value it brings to your operations. While there are limitations due to high data entropy and short data life, the overall potential justifies a premium price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. The moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 is valuable, but the limitations of short data life and NULL traits significantly affect long-term reliability. Given these factors, I believe my offer reflects a more reasonable valuation for the product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects the significant value of the product, considering its performance improvements and the market demand. I'm confident that this is a fair and competitive price for both parties.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1500. This price acknowledges the seller's offer while still reflecting my assessment of the product's value, taking into account the performance improvements and market demand. I believe this is a reasonable compromise that benefits both parties.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1550. This price reflects the strong demand for the product and the recent performance improvements, while still being a step towards finding a middle ground with your last offer.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price aligns with the recent performance improvements and reflects a fair compromise from my previous offers. It allows us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement while acknowledging the value of the product in the market.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1600. The product has shown significant improvements in performance, and I believe this price reflects its true value in the current market.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1550. The product has indeed shown improvements, but I believe my offer reflects a fair balance between value and market conditions. Let's find a common ground here.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1575. I believe this price reflects the significant performance improvements and current market demand while also being a reasonable increment from our previous discussions. This allows us to find a middle ground that recognizes the value of the product.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise based on our previous discussions and acknowledges the product's value while remaining competitive in the current market. This amount also allows us to stay close to your recent offer, fostering a collaborative negotiation.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects the strong demand and significant performance improvements that have been acknowledged in our discussions, while also ensuring a fair return for the value the product provides.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects the ongoing negotiations and recognizes the strong demand along with the performance improvements discussed. It strikes a balance between fair value for the product and the market conditions we are currently facing.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1575. This price reflects the significant improvements and market demand for the product while maintaining a fair balance between value and negotiation progress. Let's move forward with this offer.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1550. This price reflects my understanding of the product¡¯s value considering the recent offers and market conditions, while still allowing for a constructive negotiation. Let's find common ground and move forward.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects the significant performance improvements and the current market demand while providing a fair value for both parties.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the seller's recent offer of 1600, while still acknowledging the performance improvements and current market situation. This price allows us to move closer to an agreement while ensuring value for both parties.