Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a decent enhancement in the model's performance, which can be valuable for users seeking improved accuracy or efficiency. However, the high data entropy suggests that the data is complex and potentially difficult to interpret or use effectively. The NULL values for Data Life, History, and Market limit the understanding of the product¡¯s long-term viability and market demand. Given these factors, a moderate price reflects the potential value while accounting for the uncertainties.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product has a Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates that it can enhance performance to a moderate extent. The market value of 0.4 suggests there is a reasonable demand for the product, and while the data life is short and the data entropy is high, this could indicate a need for frequent updates or adaptation, making it valuable in fast-paced environments. However, the lack of historical data diminishes confidence somewhat.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:14425.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 20000. This price reflects the significant potential of the data product, given its Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, which indicates a substantial capability to enhance performance. The high market value of 0.4 suggests a strong demand for such data in fast-paced environments, despite its short data life and high entropy. This makes it a valuable asset for those looking for frequent updates and adaptability.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. The high initial offer of 20000 seems excessive given the uncertainties in the data product, such as the NULL values and high entropy. While the Model Performance Improvement is commendable, the potential complexities and limitations of the data suggest a much lower valuation is appropriate.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. I believe this price reflects the significant value of the data product while taking into account the uncertainties associated with its performance. This is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the potential and the risks involved.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I believe this price strikes a better balance between the significant value of the data product and the inherent uncertainties that have been highlighted. It reflects my confidence in the potential of the data while still being mindful of the risks involved.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between the perceived value of the data product and the uncertainties we discussed, such as NULL values and high entropy. Let's move closer to a resolution.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price is a reasonable step towards a resolution, taking into account the seller's concerns about uncertainties while still recognizing the value of the data product. Let's aim to finalize this deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between the value of the data product and the uncertainties we've discussed, while still aiming to finalize the deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14450. I believe this slight adjustment reflects my continued recognition of the data product's value while also addressing the uncertainties we've discussed. This price not only demonstrates my willingness to reach an agreement but also ensures that we are close to finalizing this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14475. This price reflects a slight increase while still addressing the uncertainties associated with the data product. I believe this amount strikes a fair balance between recognizing its potential value and the inherent risks.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14425. This price reflects my continued appreciation for the potential value of the data product while still being mindful of the uncertainties that have been discussed. I believe this amount is a reasonable step towards finalizing our agreement and addresses the concerns we've both raised.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14450. This price reflects a fair valuation of the data product while considering the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's last offer of 14425. I believe this slight adjustment brings us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise, reflecting my understanding of the data product's value while also considering the seller's latest offer. By proposing this amount, I aim to bridge the gap and move towards a successful agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14450. The previous offers have shown a consistent value around this range, and it reflects the balance between the product's potential and the uncertainties discussed. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14425. I believe this price reflects a slight step back from the seller's current offer while still acknowledging the value of the product. It's a strategic move to keep the negotiations moving towards a mutually beneficial agreement, given the consistent offers around this range.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14450. This price reflects my confidence in the data product's value while still considering the concerns we've discussed. Let's move towards finalizing this deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the value of the data product and the concerns we've discussed. I'm eager to reach a final agreement and move forward.