Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a noticeable enhancement in performance, which can be valuable in data-driven applications. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle a reasonable volume of data, making it practical for use. However, the lack of data entropy, history, and market information limits the overall confidence in its potential value. Given these factors, a moderate price is justified.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating it can enhance existing systems to some degree. The capacity is sufficient, and low data entropy suggests that the data is clean and reliable, which is a positive attribute. However, the medium data life indicates that the data may not be as fresh or relevant in the long term. The market score of 0.4 reflects a fair level of demand, but the NULL history limits insights on past performance. Overall, these factors suggest a mid-range valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 and the clean and reliable nature of the data, which enhances existing systems. While the medium data life and market score of 0.4 suggest a fair demand, I believe the overall value justifies a premium.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. Given the moderate Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 and the limitations in data entropy and market information, a price of 4000 reflects a reasonable valuation while allowing room for negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. I believe this price reflects a more balanced valuation given the data limitations we discussed, while still recognizing the potential value of the product.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between our previous discussions and acknowledges the seller's concerns about data limitations while still valuing the product's potential. Let's move towards an agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5100. I believe this price reflects a slight increase that acknowledges the buyer's interest while still taking into account the limitations we discussed regarding data entropy and market information. It's a fair compromise that allows us to move forward in this negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5000. I believe this price maintains our previous discussions while also reflecting a balanced valuation that recognizes the seller's latest offer. It allows us to move forward without straying too far from the initial agreement we reached, keeping our negotiation productive and focused.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5200. I believe this price reflects a fair acknowledgment of the model's potential while considering the market limitations we both recognize.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5100. I believe this price fairly acknowledges the value of the model while remaining within the constraints we've discussed. It's a balanced approach that reflects my interest and the market conditions we both recognize.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5300. I believe this price reflects the improved negotiations and acknowledges the model's potential while still considering the market limitations we've discussed.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5200. I believe this price fairly reflects the model's potential while acknowledging the market constraints we've discussed. It represents a reasonable compromise and I am confident it aligns well with our previous negotiations.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects the model's potential while also recognizing the market constraints we've discussed. It¡¯s a reasonable step up from the previous negotiations and aligns with the improvements in our discussions.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the ongoing negotiations and acknowledges the seller's recent improvements while remaining within a reasonable range. This offer shows my continued interest in reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this reflects the model's ongoing potential while acknowledging the previous negotiations and the slight increases made. This price strikes a balance between both parties' perspectives and keeps the conversation moving toward a productive resolution.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price accurately reflects the model's potential while recognizing the incremental progress we've made through previous negotiations. It acknowledges the seller's latest offer while still aiming for a fair compromise that benefits both parties.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5600. This price reflects my confidence in the model's potential while acknowledging the progression we've made in our negotiations. It balances the interests of both parties and recognizes the incremental value we've established.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the model's potential while acknowledging the incremental progress we've made in our negotiations. It shows my willingness to reach a mutually beneficial agreement while remaining competitive.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5700. I believe this price reflects the model's improved potential and the value we¡¯ve discussed throughout our negotiations, while still keeping a reasonable margin for both parties.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5600. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my assessment of the model's potential and our ongoing negotiations. I'm confident this price maintains a balance that could lead us to a successful agreement.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5800. This price reflects the model's potential and the progress we've made in our negotiations. It's a balanced figure that acknowledges the buyer's increasing offers while maintaining a fair valuation based on our discussions. Let's move towards a resolution.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5700. This price reflects my ongoing commitment to reach a fair agreement while acknowledging the value of the model and the incremental progress we've achieved in our negotiations. Let's finalize this deal and move forward.