Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates a strong potential for enhancing performance in its application. However, the high data entropy suggests that the data may be complex and less reliable, coupled with a short data life, which limits its long-term value. The lack of market and history information adds uncertainty. Therefore, while there is some value due to the MPI, the overall confidence in its long-term utility is diminished, leading to a moderate expected price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates some effectiveness. The market score of 0.4 suggests there is a demand, but it's not strong. However, the high data entropy suggests variability and richness in the data, which can be advantageous for certain applications, even though the data life is short. The lack of historical context limits the confidence in predicting long-term value, but given the other traits, a price of 1500 seems reasonable.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1625.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the rich variability in the data, which can be highly advantageous for various applications despite the short data life. I believe this value captures the potential and demand in the market effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. While I appreciate the seller's perspective on the data's variability and potential, I believe the short data life and inherent uncertainties significantly diminish its overall long-term value. Therefore, a lower price is more reflective of these factors.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. The data's moderate performance improvement and its promising market potential still hold significant value, justifying this price point.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The data's short life and inherent uncertainties are significant factors that diminish its long-term value, and I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of its current worth.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. The data has shown potential in performance improvement, and I believe this price reflects its value while also considering the buyer's concerns about its life span. Let's find a common ground that acknowledges both the data's capabilities and its limitations.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the data's potential while still addressing the concerns regarding its short life span. Let¡¯s work towards a mutually beneficial agreement that recognizes both the strengths and limitations of the data.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1650. The data's performance potential and the buyer's willingness to negotiate indicate a reasonable middle ground, reflecting both its strengths and the acknowledged limitations.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, taking into account the data's potential while also acknowledging the concerns about its lifespan and uncertainties. This offer allows us to move closer to a deal without undervaluing the product.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects the moderate performance improvement and market potential of the data, while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns about its lifespan. Let's find a common ground that recognizes the value of the product.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price strikes a balance between the data's potential and the concerns regarding its lifespan, while still being a reasonable compromise that recognizes its value. Let's move forward and finalize this deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects the data's solid performance potential while also taking into account the concerns regarding its lifespan. It's a balanced offer that acknowledges both the strengths and the limitations of the data, making it a fair deal for both parties.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price takes into account the data's potential while still addressing the concerns about its lifespan. It remains a fair compromise that acknowledges the strengths and limitations we¡¯ve discussed throughout our negotiations.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects the data's potential while acknowledging the concerns about its lifespan. It strikes a balance that could lead us to a successful deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price recognizes the data's potential while still reflecting the uncertainties regarding its lifespan. It is a reasonable offer that seeks to finalize the deal, balancing both parties' interests.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects the data's solid performance potential while acknowledging the concerns about its lifespan. I believe this is a fair and reasonable compromise that can lead us to a successful deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price is still a fair compromise, considering the data's performance potential and the concerns regarding its lifespan. It allows us to stay within a reasonable range while acknowledging the value of the product. Let's move forward and finalize this deal.