Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity, indicating it can handle the data requirements effectively. However, the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, Data Life, History, and Market diminishes the overall confidence in its value. Given the unknowns, a conservative estimate is warranted.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating some effectiveness in enhancing performance. It also has a high data entropy, suggesting that the data is varied and potentially valuable for insights. However, the short data life may limit its long-term applicability and value. The market value of 0.5 suggests a decent demand, but the lack of historical data makes it challenging to ascertain long-term potential. Overall, these factors balance out to a reasonable price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1690.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement and high data entropy of the product, indicating its potential value for insights despite the short data life. I believe this investment is justified given the demand in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. While I appreciate the seller's perspective on the product's potential, the uncertainties surrounding its overall value, particularly regarding Model Performance Improvement and Data Life, lead me to propose a more conservative price. My offer reflects a cautious approach given the current market dynamics.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's moderate performance improvement and the inherent market uncertainties. I believe it's a fair compromise that acknowledges the value while still accounting for potential risks.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1680. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance, acknowledging the seller's consideration of performance improvements while still reflecting my concerns about market risks. This offer demonstrates my commitment to reaching a fair agreement without overshooting my budget.