Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product has a sufficient capacity and a market rating of 0.5, indicating a moderate demand. However, the numerous NULL traits suggest uncertainty regarding its overall effectiveness and potential. This leads to a conservative valuation based on available information.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a decent potential for enhancing existing systems or processes, which is valuable in competitive markets. However, the high data entropy suggests that the data may be complex or noisy, making it less reliable in some applications. The short data life limits its usefulness over time, and the absence of historical data makes the product's past performance hard to evaluate. Given the market size of 0.5, there is moderate demand, but the combination of high entropy and short data life reduces the overall product value.", 'confidence': 'moderate'}
Deal Price:1742.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the decent potential for enhancing systems or processes indicated by the model performance improvement, despite the complexities and limitations associated with the data. I believe this data product holds significant value in a competitive market, warranting a higher starting price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. Given the uncertainties surrounding the data product, including its moderate market rating and the numerous NULL traits, I believe this price reflects a more cautious approach to its potential effectiveness and overall value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the potential value of the data product while also addressing the uncertainties inherent in its complexities. Let's move closer to an agreement.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1725. This price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's position while still considering the inherent value of the data product. It is a reasonable step towards finalizing our agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise given the complexities of the data product while also addressing the buyer's concerns about its market rating. This offer aligns with our previous discussions and can pave the way towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1735. I believe this price strikes a balance between the value of the data product and the concerns regarding its complexities and market rating. It represents a reasonable step forward in our negotiations, facilitating a more favorable outcome for both parties.