Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'Although several traits are NULL, the product has enough capacity, which suggests it can handle demand. However, the short data life indicates limited long-term utility, reducing its overall value. Given these factors and the lack of significant market data, a moderate price is justified.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which is valuable to users looking to improve their models. The market potential of 0.5 suggests there is some demand, though the high data entropy and short data life could limit long-term use, making it a more niche product. Given these factors, the price reflects a balance of potential impact and market conditions.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:5225.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the value of the data product due to its moderate enhancement in model performance and the market potential, despite the challenges of high data entropy and short data life. I believe this is a fair starting point for negotiations.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4500. The current offer seems high given the product's limited long-term utility and short data life. I believe my offer reflects a more realistic expectation based on the challenges presented.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. Given the product's moderate performance enhancement and the potential market demand, I believe this price strikes a fair balance, taking into account the limited long-term utility and short data life discussed previously. Let's find common ground here.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the seller's perspective on the product's performance enhancement and market potential. It also acknowledges the concerns regarding its limited long-term utility and short data life. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects a fair balance considering the product's moderate performance enhancement and market potential, while still acknowledging its limited long-term utility. Let's move forward with this reasonable compromise.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's perspective while still recognizing the product's value and potential utility. It's a fair and competitive offer that reflects my willingness to negotiate, and I hope we can reach an agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5400. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's moderate performance enhancement and its market potential while acknowledging the buyer's perspective on value. Let's find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while still allowing for a suitable margin for both parties. This offer recognizes the seller's perspective while also reflecting my desire to reach an agreement that respects the market dynamics at play.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5300. I believe this reflects a fair value considering the product's potential and the need for both sides to find common ground.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5200. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's perspective and the moderate utility of the product, while still allowing us to move closer to an agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5250. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the buyer's recent offer of 5200 and the value of the product, acknowledging its moderate performance and market potential while still allowing for a reasonable margin.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5200. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's offer while still recognizing the product's moderate performance and market potential. This keeps us on a reasonable path towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5250. This price reflects the product's moderate performance and market potential while still considering the limited long-term utility and short data life. It's a competitive offer that aims for a balanced agreement between both parties.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5200. This price acknowledges the seller's latest offer while still valuing the product's moderate performance and market potential. It reflects a reasonable compromise that considers both parties' perspectives, and I believe it's a fair step towards closing this deal.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5250. I believe this represents a fair compromise, considering the buyer's previous offer and the ongoing discussions about the product's value and market potential. It balances the need for a reasonable profit with the buyer's perspective on the product's utility.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5200. I believe this price reflects a fair value for the product, considering its moderate performance enhancement and the ongoing negotiations. It shows my willingness to meet the seller halfway while still recognizing the product's limitations.