Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity and high data entropy, which suggests that it contains a diverse and complex dataset that could be valuable for various applications. However, the lack of information regarding Model Performance Improvement, Data Life, History, and Market reduces confidence in a higher valuation. The expected price reflects a balance between the potential value of the data and the uncertainty due to missing traits.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates some effectiveness in enhancing performance. The capacity is sufficient, but the high data entropy suggests that the data may be complex or varied, possibly requiring more effort to process. The short data life indicates that the product may not have long-term utility, which may limit its overall value. The market rating of 0.5 suggests a moderate demand in the current market landscape. Given these mixed signals, a moderate pricing reflects both potential and limitations.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1690.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the complexity of the data, which can provide significant value despite its limitations. I'm confident this price represents the potential of the product in the current market landscape.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The seller's price of 1800 seems to undervalue the potential of the data product considering its complexity and moderate performance improvement, but I'm willing to start lower to explore the negotiation further.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. The product's value remains significant due to its moderate performance improvement and the complexity of the data it offers. This price reflects a fair compromise between our previous offers while recognizing the product's potential.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price better reflects the product's potential while still acknowledging the seller's justification for their offer. It is a reasonable compromise that keeps us moving towards a deal.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's value and the buyer's previous engagement, showcasing its potential while remaining competitive.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1680. This price reflects my willingness to recognize the seller's efforts while still considering the product's value and my previous offers. It's a fair step forward in our negotiations, aiming for a reasonable agreement that benefits both parties.