Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and high data entropy, indicating it could provide valuable insights despite the lack of information on model performance improvement, data life, and history. The market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand, which supports a reasonable price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 and a good market potential with a score of 0.5, indicating some demand. However, high data entropy and a short data life suggest that while the product may be valuable in the short term, its long-term viability is questionable. The absence of a historical performance metric also limits confidence in the valuation. Overall, the combination of these factors leads to a moderate price expectation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1575.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 8500. This price reflects the product's moderate Model Performance Improvement and good market potential, indicating a valuable opportunity in the short term despite some uncertainties regarding long-term viability.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1200. Given the product's capacity and high data entropy, I believe this is a fair starting point despite the seller's high initial offer. My valuation reflects the moderate demand indicated by the market score, which suggests that while there is potential, the uncertainties surrounding model performance and long-term viability should significantly influence the price.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2000. The product has significant potential in the market, and while I recognize the buyer's concerns, I believe the value justifies a more realistic offer that reflects its capabilities.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this price reflects a balanced perspective on the product's potential while still addressing the seller¡¯s previous concerns about market demand. This offer acknowledges the product's capabilities and the seller's justification while maintaining a firm stance on value.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2000. The product's moderate performance improvement and potential in the market justify this price, aligning with the demand dynamics we've discussed. Let's move forward with this valuation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1800. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's capabilities while considering the market dynamics we've discussed. It's a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the potential without overstating its value. Let's continue to negotiate towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1900. This price reflects the product's moderate performance improvements and overall market potential. It aligns closely with the buyer's previous offer, making it a reasonable compromise while still ensuring that I capture the value of the product effectively.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1800. This price acknowledges the seller's previous offer while still reflecting my assessment of the product's capabilities and market dynamics. It's a fair compromise that recognizes the moderate performance improvements while remaining within my budget constraints.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1850. This price reflects the product's ongoing market potential and is a reasonable compromise considering the buyer's last offer of 1800. I believe this adjustment recognizes the product's capabilities while still being attractive to the buyer.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1750. This price takes into account the seller's recent offer of 1850 while still aligning with my assessment of the product's value based on its capabilities and current market conditions. I believe this amount is a fair compromise that reflects both parties' interests.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects a fair assessment of the product's capabilities and market potential, aligning closely with the buyer's previous offer while also acknowledging my perspective on its value.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price reflects my consideration of the product's capabilities and market dynamics while still aiming for a fair compromise with the seller's last offer. It strikes a balance that acknowledges the value of the product without exceeding my budget constraints.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the buyer's last offer of 1700 and the ongoing assessment of the product's market potential and performance. This allows us to make progress while acknowledging both parties' perspectives.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise given the seller's last offer of 1750, while still accounting for my budgetary constraints and the need for a fair evaluation of the product's value in the current market.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the buyer's last offer of 1650, while also recognizing the product's value and potential in the market.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price aligns with my previous offers while also recognizing the seller's latest price of 1700 as a starting point for negotiation. This represents a fair compromise considering my budget constraints and the product's perceived value in the market.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price strikes a balance between the product's potential and the buyer's budget constraints, while also reflecting a reasonable compromise considering the previous rounds of negotiation.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while staying within my budget constraints. It allows us to move closer to a deal, considering the previous rounds and the seller's latest offer.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the product's moderate performance improvements and the buyer's previous offer. I believe this price aligns both with the product's capabilities and the current market dynamics.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 1550. This price reflects my continued assessment of the product's value while also considering the seller's latest offer of 1600. Given the market dynamics and the product's capabilities, I believe this is a reasonable offer that aligns with my budget constraints and the previous negotiations.