Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be valuable in competitive markets. The market score of 0.5 suggests a decent level of demand or market readiness, which supports a reasonable price. However, the absence of key traits such as Data Entropy, Data Life, and History limits the completeness of the product's profile, which affects overall confidence in the valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 suggests a moderate enhancement in model effectiveness, which can be valuable in competitive markets. The capacity being "enough" indicates that the product can handle required workloads, while the high data entropy suggests a rich dataset that could lead to better insights. However, the short data life implies that the utility of the data product may diminish quickly. The market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand, which could support a reasonable price point. Overall, these factors combine to suggest a decent value, but the high data entropy and short lifespan may limit long-term appeal.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2025.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 9000. This price reflects the significant value of the data product, considering its moderate enhancement in model effectiveness and the rich dataset it provides. The competitive edge it offers in the market justifies this higher price point, despite the short data life.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. Given the limitations in the product profile, including the absence of key traits such as Data Entropy and Data Life, I believe this price better reflects the actual value of the data product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 3000. I believe this price reflects a more realistic valuation of the data product, considering its market potential while accounting for the limitations previously mentioned.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2900. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's perspective on the product's limitations while still recognizing its market potential. This offer reflects my confidence in the value this data product can bring.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2900. This price reflects a fair assessment of the data product's potential while acknowledging its limitations. It positions us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement, considering the buyer's previous offer.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2800. This price acknowledges the seller's perspective while still reflecting my belief in the data product's potential value. It demonstrates my willingness to negotiate while aiming for a fair agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2700. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, taking into account the product's potential while also acknowledging its limitations. I'm optimistic that we can reach an agreement that satisfies both parties.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2600. I believe this price more accurately reflects the product's value while still recognizing the limitations highlighted in our discussions. I'm eager to find common ground that benefits us both.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's potential while acknowledging the limitations we've discussed in previous rounds. I believe this is a reasonable step towards reaching an agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2400. This price is a fair evaluation of the product's market potential while still recognizing the limitations discussed in our previous conversations. I believe it strikes a reasonable balance and moves us closer to a successful agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2300. This price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while acknowledging the buyer's perspective on its potential. Let's work towards a resolution that benefits both sides.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2200. I believe this price represents a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the product's potential while considering the seller's position. Let's work together to finalize this deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2100. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the ongoing negotiation dynamics and the product's potential, while still recognizing the buyer's previous offer of 2200. Let's move towards a constructive agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the seller's recent offer and my previous valuation, while still acknowledging the ongoing negotiation dynamics. It reflects the product's potential and the need for a constructive agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2050. I believe this price reflects a reasonable adjustment considering the previous offers and the ongoing negotiations. It balances the perceived value of the product with the buyer's constraints, aiming for a fruitful agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price accurately reflects the value I see in the data product while still respecting the seller's perspective. It¡¯s a strategic move that maintains momentum in our negotiations and brings us closer to a fair agreement.