Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be valuable, especially if it is applied to a competitive market. However, the short data life and the presence of NULL for several other traits (Data Entropy, History, Market) suggests uncertainty and limits the potential value. The capacity being "enough" is a positive aspect but does not significantly enhance the valuation without further context.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be appealing in a market with a rating of 0.5 for its demand. However, the high data entropy suggests that the data may be complex and potentially difficult to interpret, while the short data life limits its usefulness over time. Overall, these factors balance out to provide a reasonable expected price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2025.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects the considerable value of the data product, given its moderate enhancement in performance, though I recognize its complexity and short life span. I believe this initial offer showcases the quality and potential impact of the data, setting a strong foundation for our negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2000. While I appreciate the seller's assessment of the data product's value, I believe the complexity and short life span significantly limit its overall potential. My offer reflects a more cautious approach to this investment, considering the uncertainties involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2400. I believe this price reflects the quality and potential impact of the data product while also considering the complexities and lifespan concerns we've discussed. This is a fair compromise that acknowledges its value without overstating it.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2300. I believe this price strikes a balance between the quality of the data product and the seller's concerns about its complexities and lifespan. It's a reasonable step that acknowledges the value while also being mindful of the negotiation dynamics.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2350. This price reflects a fair assessment of the data product's quality while considering its complexities and potential lifespan challenges. It positions us closer to an agreement without undervaluing the asset.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2250. This price accounts for the quality of the data product while acknowledging the complexities and lifespan challenges mentioned. It brings us closer to a fair agreement while still respecting the seller's concerns.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2300. This price reflects a balanced assessment of the data product's quality while considering its complexities and potential lifespan. I believe this is a fair valuation that recognizes the product's value without overstating its risks.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2200. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the quality and potential of the data product while considering the complexities discussed in previous rounds. It maintains a fair balance between our positions, and I am confident it will lead us closer to an agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2250. This price reflects the ongoing negotiations and acknowledges the buyer's concerns while still valuing the data product¡¯s quality and potential. It¡¯s a fair compromise that recognizes both parties' perspectives.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2200. I believe this price reflects a fair evaluation of the data product's quality while considering the complexities and risks involved. It maintains the spirit of our negotiations and acknowledges the seller's latest offer, pushing us closer to an agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2200. This price reflects a fair balance between the data product's quality and the complexities involved, while also acknowledging the buyer's previous offers. Let's move forward and reach an agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2150. I believe this price represents a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the quality of the data product while also considering the complexities involved. It's a strategic move to bridge the gap between our offers and facilitate a successful agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2200. I believe this price reflects a fair balance considering the product's quality and complexity, while still allowing room for both parties to feel satisfied with the deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2100. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the quality of the data product while also considering the complexities involved. This offer aims to foster collaboration and reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2150. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's quality and the complexities we've discussed in previous rounds. It acknowledges the buyer's concerns while still valuing the potential of the data product.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2050. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's offer while still valuing the quality and potential of the data product. It represents a fair compromise, acknowledging the complexities we've discussed and aiming to bring us closer to a successful agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 2100. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, taking into account the product's quality and the complexities we've discussed. It's a reasonable step forward that acknowledges both our positions as we near the end of negotiations.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the product's quality while also considering the complexities we've discussed. It allows us to stay within a reasonable range of the seller's last offer while still seeking a more advantageous position for myself as we approach the conclusion of our negotiations.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 2050. I believe this price reflects a fair balance, acknowledging the quality of the data product while also considering the complexities and risks involved. It positions us for a successful conclusion to our negotiations.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the product's value while also taking into account the complexities and risks involved. It provides a solid foundation for us to conclude our negotiations successfully.