Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a solid model performance improvement of 0.25, indicating it can enhance existing systems or processes significantly. However, the high data entropy and short data life suggest that while it may be effective, it may also require frequent updates or replacements, limiting its long-term value. The lack of market and history information reduces confidence, but the potential for improvement can still command a moderate price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates it can enhance model performance to some extent. The capacity is adequate, allowing for proper data handling. However, the high data entropy suggests that the data may be complex and potentially less reliable. The short data life indicates that the data may become obsolete quickly, which could diminish its long-term value. The market score of 0.5 suggests a moderate demand. Overall, while there are some positive traits, the high data entropy and short life reduce its value potential, leading to a conservative price estimation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:6625.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 8000. This price reflects the moderate potential of the data product to enhance model performance, despite its complexities and short life. Given the market's moderate demand, I believe this is a fair starting point to negotiate the value of the data.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4500. The data product has potential, but its high entropy and short lifespan limit its long-term value. Given these factors, I believe 4500 is a reasonable starting point for our negotiations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 7000. This price reflects the data product's valuable potential to enhance model performance, balanced against its limitations. I believe this offer represents a fair compromise that recognizes both the product's strengths and its constraints.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 6900. This price reflects my recognition of the data product's potential while considering its limitations. I believe it provides a competitive compromise that acknowledges both parties' interests, and I am confident that it represents a reasonable step towards closing the deal.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 6800. The data product has significant potential to enhance model performance, and I believe this price reflects its value while considering both parties' interests and the previous offers.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 6700. The seller's price is close to my last offer, and I believe this revised amount still reflects the potential of the data product while considering both parties' objectives. This way, we can move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 6750. I believe this price reflects a reasonable balance between the product's potential and its limitations, while still being attractive enough for the buyer to consider. Let's move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 6700. I believe this price accurately reflects the data product's value while still being a fair compromise considering its limitations. I am keen to finalize this deal and move forward, as I see potential in our agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 6750. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, considering the data product's strengths and limitations, while still allowing us to move closer to a final agreement. Let¡¯s make this happen!
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 6700. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while also considering the constraints we've discussed. It positions us closer to an agreement without overstepping the reasonable limits of this negotiation. Let's finalize this deal!
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 6700. This price reflects a fair assessment of the data product's unique qualities and its potential to enhance model performance while considering the buyer's previous offers. Let's finalize this deal.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 6600. I believe this price acknowledges the data product's value while still reflecting my perspective on its limitations in terms of performance enhancement. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 6700. I believe this price reflects the unique qualities of the data product while acknowledging its limitations. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 6600. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the data product's potential while considering its limitations. It allows us to move closer to a resolution and finalize the deal in a mutually beneficial manner.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 6700. I believe this reflects a reasonable balance considering the potential and limitations of the data product, while also acknowledging the buyer¡¯s previous offer. Let's move towards a successful agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 6600. I believe this price reflects the ongoing value of the data product while acknowledging the seller's recent offer. It maintains a strong position for us to move toward a successful agreement, considering the potential benefits and limitations we've discussed.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 6650. This price reflects a slight decrease while still acknowledging the data product's unique qualities and potential for model performance enhancement. I believe this is a fair position considering our previous discussions and the buyer's last offer.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 6600. This price remains competitive while recognizing the seller's latest offer and the ongoing value of the data product. It reflects my understanding of the product's potential and limitations, and I believe it is a reasonable step toward finalizing our agreement.