Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The product has sufficient capacity, which indicates that it can handle a reasonable amount of data processing. However, the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, Data Life, History, and Market significantly limits the confidence in its overall value. Despite this, the capacity suggests a baseline value in the market, particularly if there's a demand for data products that are functional but not necessarily optimized or validated.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be valuable for potential users. The capacity being described as "enough" suggests that it can handle typical workloads, although high data entropy might indicate some complexity in the data. The medium data life implies that the data is still relevant but may not have long-term viability. The market figure of 0.3 indicates a reasonable, albeit limited demand within the market. Overall, while there are some limitations, the combination of traits suggests a product that could provide value in specific applications.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, as well as the data's capacity to handle typical workloads despite some complexity. The product holds value for specific applications, and I believe this price is justified given its potential utility in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. The product's capacity is noted, but the lack of critical information regarding Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, Data Life, History, and Market significantly undermines its overall value. I'm looking for a price that reflects these uncertainties.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 6000. I believe this reflects a fair assessment of the product's value considering the moderate Model Performance Improvement mentioned, while still accounting for the gaps in critical information that affect its overall worth.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5900. This price reflects my recognition of the moderate Model Performance Improvement while still considering the critical information gaps that influence the product's overall value. I believe it is a reasonable offer that bridges our positions effectively.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 6000. I believe this price reflects the product's moderate Model Performance Improvement, while also considering the critical information gaps that have been identified. This price is fair and aligns with the buyer's recent offer, making it a reasonable point for negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5800. I believe this price acknowledges the product's moderate Model Performance Improvement while also reflecting the critical information gaps identified. It's a strategic move to keep negotiations progressing without overshooting the value we both see in the product.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5900. This price reflects my understanding of the product's moderate performance improvement while acknowledging the critical information gaps that have been highlighted in our discussions. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5800. This price reflects my continued acknowledgment of the product's moderate performance improvement and the critical information gaps we've discussed. I'm confident this offer strikes a balance between our perspectives and can lead us towards a successful agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 6000. I believe this price reflects the product's moderate performance improvement while acknowledging the critical information gaps we've discussed. It is a balanced figure that allows us to move forward in our negotiations.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5900. I believe this price is reasonable given the moderate performance improvement of the product and the critical information gaps we've discussed. It reflects a fair compromise that recognizes both the product's value and the need for further transparency. Let's keep the momentum going towards a successful agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5800. I believe this price reflects the ongoing negotiations and the moderate performance improvements identified, while also considering the information gaps that have been discussed. This approach allows us to move forward constructively.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5700. This price takes into account the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my understanding of the product's moderate performance improvements and the remaining information gaps. It demonstrates my willingness to engage constructively and move towards a resolution that benefits both parties.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5700. Given the ongoing negotiations and the need to find common ground, this price reflects a willingness to engage while acknowledging the previous offers and the moderate performance improvements of the product.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5600. This price reflects my continued interest in reaching a fair agreement while taking into account the moderate performance improvements and the pricing trends we've seen through our negotiations. I believe this offer strikes a balance between our positions and fosters a constructive dialogue.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5700. I believe this amount acknowledges the ongoing negotiations while also reflecting the moderate improvements and the information gaps we've discussed. This price is a fair compromise that encourages a positive outcome for both parties.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5600. This price reflects my continued willingness to engage in constructive negotiations while considering the product's moderate performance improvements and the information gaps we've addressed. I believe it provides a fair balance that supports a positive outcome for both parties.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5600. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the ongoing negotiations and acknowledges the buyer's previous offer while still valuing the product appropriately based on its performance improvements and the existing information gaps.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5500. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my understanding of the product's value based on the ongoing negotiations and the remaining information gaps. I'm confident this price strikes a fair balance for both parties as we move towards a potential agreement.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5600. This price reflects the ongoing negotiations and acknowledges the recent offers while taking into account the moderate performance improvements and the critical information gaps that still exist. I believe this is a fair compromise that can lead us to a successful agreement.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5500. This price reflects my understanding of the ongoing negotiations and acknowledges the current market dynamics while still considering the moderate performance improvements. I believe this is a reasonable offer that can bring us closer to an agreement.