Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a medium data life and sufficient capacity, indicating it can serve a purpose in the market. Although several traits are NULL, the market score of 0.3 suggests there is some demand, albeit limited, for products in this category. This results in a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates it can enhance the effectiveness of data-driven decisions. The capacity is deemed sufficient, and despite high data entropy, this could imply the data is rich and diverse, making it valuable. However, the medium data life and lack of historical data might limit its long-term application. The market demand is relatively low at 0.3, but the combination of the key strengths suggests a reasonable price point.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:6025.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the exceptional Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, which significantly enhances data-driven decisions. The rich and diverse nature of the data adds to its value, and I believe this offering is justified given its potential impact despite some limitations.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 3000. I believe this price reflects the moderate valuation of the data product, considering its medium data life and the limited demand indicated by the market score. While the seller highlights certain strengths, the overall limitations and NULL traits suggest a more conservative approach to pricing.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects a fair balance considering the medium data life and the market demand limitations, while still acknowledging the potential value of the data.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5900. This price reflects my recognition of the potential value of the data while still being cautious of its medium data life and market demand limitations. I believe this is a fair offer that acknowledges the seller's perspective while aiming for a reasonable deal.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 6200. I believe this price reflects a more accurate value of the data based on its potential and the current market conditions, while still being reasonable for both parties.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 6000. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, considering the data's potential and my previous valuation. It reflects a reasonable compromise that acknowledges both the value of the data and market constraints.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 6100. I believe this price recognizes the data's potential while also taking into account the current market conditions and demand. It's a reasonable step forward in our negotiations.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 6000. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the data's potential while acknowledging the market constraints we've discussed. It maintains a balance between value and practicality as we continue our negotiations.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 6050. This price reflects a slight increase from the previous round, acknowledging the buyer's interest while still valuing the data within the current market constraints.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 6000. This price reflects my consistent assessment of the data's value while remaining competitive in the current market landscape. Let's move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 6050. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the data's potential while still considering the current market conditions and the moderate demand for it. Let's make this deal happen.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 6000. This price reflects my understanding of the data's value while recognizing the current market dynamics. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the potential and limitations we¡¯ve discussed. Let's close this deal!
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 6050. This price reflects a reasonable assessment of the data's value considering the ongoing market conditions and the potential it holds. Let's find a fair agreement that recognizes both the data's worth and the current limitations.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 6000. This price reflects my continued commitment to recognizing the data's potential while maintaining a realistic approach to market conditions. I believe this offer strikes a fair balance and paves the way for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 6050. This price reflects the consistent valuation we've seen in previous rounds while acknowledging the potential of the data. It strikes a balance between our interests and maintains a competitive edge in the current market landscape.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 6000. This price reflects my continued valuation of the data while acknowledging the seller's consistent offer. It represents a fair compromise that recognizes the data's potential without exceeding the established limits we've seen in previous rounds.