Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and high data entropy, indicating that it can handle a significant amount of diverse and complex data. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement, data life, and market conditions limits confidence in its overall effectiveness and marketability. Given these factors, the price reflects potential value while accounting for uncertainty.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a significant enhancement in model efficiency, which is valuable in a competitive market. The 'high' data entropy suggests robust and diverse data, enhancing the product's utility. While the medium data life and the market score of 0.3 indicate some limitations, the overall positive traits contribute to a solid valuation.", 'confidence': '75%'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 20000. This price reflects the significant enhancement in model efficiency indicated by the Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, along with the robust and diverse data suggested by the high data entropy. The value of this data product in a competitive market is substantial, and I am confident in its worth.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. While I recognize the potential value of the data product, the significant price of 20000 is far beyond my budget and reflects a level of confidence that I cannot match given the uncertainties regarding model performance improvement and market conditions. My offer takes into account the diverse and complex nature of the data while remaining realistic in the context of my valuation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. The significant improvements in model efficiency and the premium data quality justify this price, making it a fair investment for your needs.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5000. I believe this price reflects my budget constraints while also acknowledging the improvements in model efficiency and the premium data quality you¡¯ve mentioned. I see value in the offer, but I need to stay within my financial limits.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 12000. This price reflects the significant improvements in model efficiency and the high-quality data that comes with it. It balances the value I provide with the budget constraints you've expressed. Let's make this work!
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 11000. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between the value you provide and my budget constraints. Your improvements in model efficiency and data quality are certainly valuable, and I'm keen to move forward with this deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 11500. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the improvements in model efficiency and data quality while still providing value to the buyer.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 11000. I believe this price maintains a strong consideration of the product's value while aligning with my budget constraints. This offer reflects a fair negotiation point given the improvements in model efficiency and data quality that have been emphasized throughout our discussions.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 11550. This price reflects the strong value and efficiency improvements of the product, while also being a strategic compromise to move the negotiation forward.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 11500. I believe this price reflects my continued recognition of the product's value while maintaining my budget constraints. It's a fair compromise that helps move the negotiation forward.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 11575. I believe this price reflects the significant value and improvements in model efficiency and data quality, while still being a reasonable compromise considering the previous offers.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 11500. I believe this price still reflects the value of the product while being a fair compromise considering my budget constraints. It acknowledges the improvements in model efficiency and data quality without exceeding my financial limits.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 11550. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while recognizing the buyer's budget constraints. It also maintains a fair margin considering the significant improvements in model efficiency and data quality that I have provided.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 11450. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's improvements in model efficiency and data quality while still respecting my budget constraints. It's a fair step towards closing the deal and reflects my commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 11500. I believe this price reflects the significant value of the data product, considering the improvements in model efficiency and quality. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges both the worth of the product and the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 11400. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the value of the data product and my budget constraints, while still acknowledging the improvements in model efficiency and quality that have been highlighted in previous discussions. This represents a reasonable step forward in our negotiations.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 11500. This price reflects the consistent value of my data product, which has shown significant improvements in model efficiency and data quality, while also considering the buyer's recent offers. I'm confident this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's worth.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 11400. This price reflects my continued acknowledgment of the product's value while still being mindful of my budget constraints. I believe this is a fair compromise that facilitates progress towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 11500. I believe this reflects the true value of the data product, considering the significant improvements in model efficiency and data quality we've discussed in previous rounds. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges both the product's worth and your budget constraints. Let's finalize this deal!
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 11400. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the value of the data product and my budget constraints. While I recognize the improvements in model efficiency and data quality, I need to ensure that my investment remains reasonable. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.