Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has a high data entropy, which indicates a richness in the data that could be valuable for insights. However, the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement and Data Life limits our understanding of its effectiveness and longevity. The market size is relatively small (0.3), which suggests limited demand. Therefore, the expected price reflects its potential value while accounting for uncertainty due to missing traits.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': "The product exhibits a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating a promising enhancement over existing models. The capacity is deemed sufficient, which suggests that it can handle the required data loads. However, the high data entropy indicates complexity and variability, which could present challenges in interpretation and usability. The medium data life suggests a moderate longevity of the data's relevance, and the market value of 0.3 indicates there's some demand, but not overwhelming. The absence of historical data (NULL) introduces uncertainty, slightly lowering confidence. Overall, the combination of these factors suggests a reasonable valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1925.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 8000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 and the product's capacity to handle required data loads, despite some complexity and variability in data interpretation. The value of this product is strong, given its market potential.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. The product¡¯s high data entropy indicates potential value, but the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement and Data Life, along with the small market size, necessitates a cautious approach to pricing. I believe this is a fair starting point given the uncertainties involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2000. The market potential is promising, and while there are uncertainties, I believe a price of 2000 reflects a more balanced approach considering the potential for improvement.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe that while the market potential is indeed promising, there are still significant uncertainties that warrant a more conservative approach than the seller's offer. My price reflects a balance between optimism for improvement and the need to acknowledge the current limitations.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2100. I believe this price reflects the promising market potential and the incremental improvements we see in model performance, while still being mindful of the uncertainties that exist.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2000. This price acknowledges the seller's perspective on market potential and performance improvements while still reflecting a cautious approach to the uncertainties that remain.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2050. Given the ongoing discussions and the potential for market improvement, this price reflects a reasonable middle ground that acknowledges the buyer's interest while still considering the uncertainties we face.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the current market conditions and our previous discussions, while still allowing for a reasonable negotiation space between both parties.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2025. I believe this price reflects a balanced perspective on the current market dynamics and acknowledges the potential for improvement while maintaining a cautious approach. Let's find common ground here.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between our previous discussions and reflects my confidence in the market potential while acknowledging the current uncertainties. Let's move closer to an agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2050. Given the ongoing discussions and the slight adjustments in pricing, this reflects a balanced approach between acknowledging market potential and addressing uncertainties. It's essential to find a common ground that respects both sides of the negotiation.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the seller's recent offer and my previous bids. It acknowledges the potential in the market while still considering the uncertainties we've discussed. Let's continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2050. This price reflects my belief in the market potential while still acknowledging the uncertainties we¡¯ve discussed. It strikes a balance between our positions and opens up a pathway for a constructive negotiation.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1950. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between our perspectives, acknowledging both the market potential and the uncertainties we¡¯ve discussed. It's a reasonable step toward reaching a mutually beneficial agreement while remaining cautious based on previous discussions.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2000. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing uncertainties in the market while still recognizing the potential for improvement. Let's move forward with a constructive negotiation.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's perspective while still reflecting my cautious approach given the current market uncertainties. Let's work together towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 1950. Given the ongoing discussions and the buyer's previous offers, I believe this price reflects a fair compromise amid the uncertainties we've been navigating. Let's move forward with this productive negotiation.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this price represents a reasonable compromise, considering the historical context of our negotiations and the market uncertainties we've both acknowledged. Let's aim to finalize this deal and move forward.