Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in model performance, which is valuable in data-driven applications. The market value of 0.3 suggests a reasonable demand, but the presence of NULL traits like Data Entropy, Data Life, and History limits the overall confidence in the product's comprehensive value. However, with enough capacity, it can still fulfill certain needs in the market, justifying a moderate price point.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a noticeable enhancement in model performance, which is appealing to potential buyers. The "enough" capacity suggests that the product can handle a reasonable workload, while a high data entropy can imply a rich and varied dataset, enhancing its potential utility. However, the medium data life suggests that while the product is useful, its longevity may be limited. The market size of 0.3 indicates some demand, but not overwhelming. Given these factors, a price of 5000 is reasonable for a product with promising features but also limitations.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:4725.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which enhances model performance considerably and makes the product highly desirable. The product's capacity and rich data entropy further increase its value, making it a competitive offering in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4500. The significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 is acknowledged, but the presence of NULL traits like Data Entropy and Data Life limits the overall confidence in the product's value. Therefore, a lower price is warranted to reflect these limitations while still recognizing its potential in the market.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. I believe this price reflects a fair balance considering the significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 while acknowledging the limitations such as NULL traits that impact overall value. This offer positions us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price strikes a good balance between acknowledging the significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) and the limitations presented. It reflects my strong interest in moving towards a fair and beneficial agreement for both parties while also recognizing the value proposition at hand.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 4950. The market dynamics and the significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 justify a price adjustment, while still acknowledging the limitations that exist. This price reflects a fair compromise aiming for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 4850. This price reflects my belief in the significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, while also taking into account the limitations mentioned. I am confident that this offer strikes a fair balance between the value of the product and the constraints we both acknowledge.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 4900. This price reflects the ongoing balance between the significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 and the limitations that have been acknowledged in our discussions. I believe this is a fair position that can lead us to an agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price strikes a good balance considering the significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, while still acknowledging the limitations we¡¯ve discussed. This adjustment reflects my commitment to reaching a fair agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 4850. This price reflects a reasonable adjustment considering the ongoing discussions about the significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, while still recognizing the limitations that have been pointed out. I believe this would lead us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4750. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, acknowledging the significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 while still considering the limitations mentioned. This adjustment reflects my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects a reasonable balance given the significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 while still acknowledging the limitations we've discussed. Let's move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4750. I believe this price strikes a fair balance considering the significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, while also reflecting the limitations we have previously discussed. Let's work together to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4750. Given the ongoing discussions and the emphasis on the Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, I believe this price reflects a reasonable balance considering the limitations acknowledged in previous rounds. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4700. This price reflects my understanding of the significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 while also considering the limitations pointed out in previous discussions. I believe this is a fair adjustment that brings us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4750. This price reflects my understanding of the significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 while still considering previous limitations. I believe this is a fair compromise as we move closer to a potential agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4700. This price reflects my continued recognition of the significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 while considering the limitations we have discussed. It represents a fair progression towards reaching an agreement, and I'm confident it aligns with our mutual interests.