Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a notable enhancement in performance, which is valuable, especially in competitive markets. However, the high data entropy suggests more variability and potential challenges in predictability. The medium data life implies that the product may not retain its value indefinitely. The NULL history and market traits introduce uncertainty, but the overall traits suggest a reasonable marketable product with some potential demand.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate level of enhancement, which is appealing to potential users. The capacity is sufficient, and while data entropy is high, suggesting complexity, it also implies rich information that users may find valuable. The medium data life indicates usability for a reasonable period, though the NULL history limits insights into its past performance. The market score of 0.3 suggests a niche demand, which could justify a moderate price point. Overall, the combination of these factors leads to a reasonable valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1675.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate enhancement indicated by the Model Performance Improvement and the rich information provided by the data, which I believe will be highly valuable to potential users.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price better reflects the variability and potential challenges indicated by the high data entropy and the medium data life of the product. While there is some enhancement in performance, the uncertainty surrounding its marketability warrants a more cautious approach.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects the model's remarkable performance improvements while still considering the inherent variability and uncertainty in the market. I believe this is a fair middle ground that acknowledges the value of the product while keeping in mind the risks involved.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while taking into account the improvements in performance and the associated risks. It shows my willingness to engage and find common ground in this negotiation.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1680. I believe this price reflects the product's quality and the improvements in performance while still considering the market's uncertainties. Let's find a middle ground that benefits both of us.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1670. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while reflecting my assessment of the product's quality and performance improvements. I believe this is a fair compromise that addresses both our interests and keeps the negotiation moving forward.