Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': 'The capacity is sufficient, and although many traits are NULL, the market indicates a moderate demand (0.4). This suggests there is some interest, but the lack of data on performance, entropy, and life limits the valuation significantly.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which suggests it can enhance performance to a reasonable degree. The "high" data entropy indicates a diverse and rich dataset, potentially increasing its value. Additionally, a market score of 0.4 suggests a decent demand in the market. However, the medium data life and the absence of historical data limit long-term confidence in the product\'s sustainability. Overall, the combination of these factors leads to a valuation that reflects its current market potential, but with some uncertainty.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2625.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the product's moderate Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, its diverse and rich dataset indicated by high data entropy, and the decent market demand score of 0.4. While there are some uncertainties regarding the medium data life and lack of historical data, I believe this product holds significant value in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2500. The product's uncertainties regarding data life and the lack of historical data significantly diminish its value for me, despite the seller's claims of moderate performance and market interest.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 3000. The value of this data is significant due to its potential applications, but I also recognize the current uncertainties. This price reflects a fair compromise, considering the moderate performance and the demand factors at play.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2900. The potential applications of this data are intriguing, but considering the moderate performance and the associated uncertainties, I believe my offer is a reasonable reflection of its value.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2950. Given the moderate performance and the uncertainties surrounding the data's lifespan, this price reflects a balanced assessment of its value while still moving closer to your previous offer.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2850. This price reflects my recognition of the data's moderate performance and the inherent uncertainties, while still emphasizing my commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2900. I believe this price reflects the moderate performance and uncertainties surrounding the data while still being competitive enough to facilitate a deal. Let's find a common ground that works for both of us.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2800. I believe this price takes into account the moderate performance and uncertainties surrounding the data while still aiming for a competitive agreement that reflects the product's value. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2800. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the data's moderate performance and the uncertainties involved, while still aiming for a competitive agreement that recognizes the product's potential value in the market.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2700. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's concerns about the uncertainties and data performance while still reflecting the product's inherent value in the market. It's a step towards a balanced agreement that respects both sides.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2750. I believe this price strikes a balance between the product's moderate performance and the uncertainties surrounding its data life, while still reflecting its intrinsic value in the market.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2650. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the moderate performance of the product and the ongoing uncertainties regarding its data life, while still showing my willingness to engage in a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2700. This price reflects a balance between the moderate performance and uncertainties surrounding the data, while still aiming for a competitive deal that recognizes the product's inherent value.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2600. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's moderate performance and the uncertainties surrounding its data life while still recognizing its value. This offer demonstrates my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2650. I believe this price reflects the moderate performance of the data while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about uncertainties. Let's find a fair middle ground that works for both of us.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2600. I believe this price strikes a balance between the moderate performance of the data and the uncertainties we both acknowledge. It reflects my willingness to negotiate while keeping the value in mind. Let's work towards a solution that benefits us both.