Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The capacity is sufficient, indicating that the product can handle the expected volume of data. However, the absence of specific traits like Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy limits the ability to assess its effectiveness fully. The medium data life suggests it has a reasonable timeframe for use, but the market score of 0.4 indicates limited demand. Given these factors, a moderate price reflects its potential while accounting for the uncertainty from the missing traits.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates a strong potential for enhancing performance. The capacity is adequate, and while the data entropy is high, suggesting complexity, the medium data life implies usability for a moderate duration. The market score of 0.4 indicates there is some demand, but it is not very strong. The lack of historical data does weaken the valuation slightly, but overall, the positive traits lead to a reasonable price estimation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:4625.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, showcasing the strong potential to enhance performance, despite some complexity indicated by high data entropy. The medium data life also suggests usability over a reasonable duration, making this a valuable investment.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. Given the significant uncertainties regarding Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy, along with the market score indicating limited demand, my price reflects a cautious approach to this investment.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. This price reflects a more balanced view of the potential while still acknowledging the uncertainties in performance and market demand. I believe this is a fair starting point for further negotiation.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise between our positions, acknowledging the seller's concerns while also recognizing the substantial potential value of the model. Let's move forward from here.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5000. I believe this price reflects a reasonable balance between the potential of the model and the current market demand, ensuring both parties feel valued in this negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's recent offer while still considering the uncertainties in performance and market demand. It reflects my willingness to negotiate while also valuing the potential of the model.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 4900. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the model's potential and the uncertainties we've discussed. It's a reasonable step towards closing the deal while acknowledging both parties' concerns.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 4700. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the ongoing negotiations and the uncertainties we¡¯ve discussed regarding the model¡¯s performance. It shows my willingness to meet you closer to your recent offer while still considering the risks involved. Let's move towards closing this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the uncertainties surrounding the model's performance while still acknowledging its potential value.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4700. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's concerns while still reflecting the value I see in the model's potential. Let's find common ground as we continue these negotiations.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 4750. Given the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's consistent offers around the 4700 range, I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while still acknowledging the uncertainties in performance and market demand.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4650. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's current offer and our past negotiations, reflecting my continued commitment to finding a reasonable agreement while accounting for the uncertainties surrounding the model's performance.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4700. Given the ongoing negotiations and the need to find a reasonable middle ground, this price reflects both the model's potential and the uncertainties we've discussed.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4600. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the model's potential and the uncertainties we've been discussing, while still reflecting my commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement. Let's continue moving forward with this negotiation.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4650. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance considering the previous offers and the ongoing uncertainties surrounding the model's performance. It's a step forward in our negotiations while still valuing the potential of the product.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4600. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise given the ongoing negotiations and the uncertainties regarding the model's performance. It acknowledges the seller's latest offer while still valuing the potential of the product. Let's move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.