Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and high data entropy, indicating it may provide valuable insights or support complex analyses. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement, data life, history, and market limits the confidence in its overall value. Given these factors, a moderate price is justified.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': "The product demonstrates a significant model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which suggests a strong enhancement in predictive capabilities. However, the high data entropy indicates complexity or variability, which could require advanced processing. The medium data life suggests that the data will remain relevant but not for an extended period. The market value of 0.4 indicates a reasonable demand for this product, but the presence of a NULL history trait limits the confidence in the product's past performance and reliability. Overall, the combination of these factors leads to a moderate valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:4925.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant model performance improvement of 0.25, showcasing the strong predictive capabilities of the data product, despite its complexity due to high data entropy. I believe this price accurately captures the value it provides in the current market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. Given the product's capacity and high data entropy, I see potential value, but the lack of information on model performance, data life, and market limits my confidence. Therefore, a more moderate price is justified.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while allowing room for negotiation, considering the concerns about model performance and the need for more information. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges the potential of the product while addressing those concerns.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the potential value of the data product while still being cautious given the concerns about model performance and the need for more information. Let's continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5100. I believe this price reflects the potential value of the product while still addressing the concerns about model performance and data life. It creates a fair opportunity for both parties to move forward in this negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5000. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's latest offer while still reflecting my assessment of the product's value and the ongoing concerns regarding model performance and data life. I am confident that this amount creates a path for us to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5050. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the potential value of the product while also considering the concerns about its performance. Let's work towards a fair agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5000. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the product's value while still addressing the concerns about performance. It demonstrates my willingness to negotiate and move towards a mutually beneficial agreement. Let's finalize this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5050. I believe this price accurately reflects the value of the data product while recognizing the buyer's willingness to negotiate. This amount represents a fair compromise considering the ongoing discussions about performance and potential.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5000. I believe this price maintains the integrity of our previous negotiations while still showing a commitment to reach a fair agreement. It considers the product's potential value and aligns closely with the seller's recent offer.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5050. This price reflects my confidence in the product's value while acknowledging the ongoing discussions we've had. I believe this is a fair compromise that respects both parties' positions and facilitates a successful deal.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4950. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's recent offer and my commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement. It reflects my confidence in the product's potential while still acknowledging the need for a reasonable compromise.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5000. I believe this price effectively balances the value of the data product and the ongoing negotiation, while still addressing previous concerns about model performance and data life. Let's move towards a satisfactory agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the value of the data product while still addressing the seller's concerns. It's a reasonable step towards reaching a satisfactory agreement for both parties as we continue our negotiation.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4950. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between our positions, acknowledging the buyer's consistent offers while also addressing my need to ensure the value of the data product is adequately recognized. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price reflects the consistent value of our negotiations and acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still addressing my own budget constraints. Let's aim for a fair resolution that benefits both parties.