Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and low data entropy, which indicates that the data is stable and reliable. However, the short data life and the presence of NULL traits (Model Performance Improvement and History) reduce its overall value and potential market effectiveness. The market value of 0.3 suggests limited demand, which also impacts the pricing.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.2 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be appealing to potential customers. However, the low market score of 0.3 suggests limited demand, and the short data life may reduce the long-term value. The capacity being "enough" is a positive trait, but the absence of historical data raises concerns about the product\'s reliability and potential for growth in the market.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1725.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the model performance improvement of 0.2, which should be appealing to potential customers despite the limited demand suggested by the low market score.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price takes into account the moderate enhancement in performance but also reflects my concerns regarding the limited demand and short data life. I believe this is a fair offer given the current market conditions and the product's characteristics.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the moderate performance enhancement and the buyer's concerns about demand and data life. This adjustment should facilitate a smoother negotiation while still valuing the quality of the data being provided.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price still accurately reflects the limited demand and short data life, while also recognizing the seller's moderate performance enhancement. This offer continues to balance my concerns with the value of the data.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1725. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the moderate performance enhancement we discussed while still acknowledging the buyer's concerns about limited demand and short data life. Let's move forward with this compromise to reach an agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price reflects my continued assessment of the limited demand and short data life we discussed, while still acknowledging the seller's enhancements. I'm confident this is a fair offer that recognizes the current market conditions. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the moderate performance enhancement of the data product while still considering the buyer's concerns about demand and the short data life. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price fairly reflects the limited demand and short data life while still recognizing the seller's performance enhancements. It allows us to move closer to a deal without overextending our budget.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1725. This price reflects my confidence in the performance enhancements of the data product while still being mindful of the buyer's concerns about demand and data life. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges both sides.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price remains fair given the current market conditions and reflects my budget constraints, while still acknowledging the seller's performance enhancements.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the moderate performance enhancement of the data product while also recognizing the buyer's concerns about limited demand and short data life. I believe this is a fair compromise that balances both our needs.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price continues to reflect my concerns about the limited demand and short data life while still acknowledging the seller's efforts in enhancing the product's performance. Given the context, I feel this is a reasonable and fair offer.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1725. I believe this reflects the moderate performance enhancements of the data product while still considering the buyer's concerns about demand and data life. This price strikes a balance that could facilitate a successful deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects my ongoing concerns about demand and data life, while still acknowledging the seller's performance enhancements. It represents a reasonable compromise that aligns with my budget constraints and the current market conditions.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the value of the moderate performance enhancements while still considering your concerns about limited demand and data life. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the enhancements I've made.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price reflects my ongoing concerns about limited demand and the short data life, while still recognizing the moderate performance enhancements you've made. I believe this is a reasonable offer that aligns with both our positions.