Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 0.2), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The product shows a reasonable improvement in model performance (MPI of 0.2) and has a low data entropy, which suggests it is reliable and offers consistent results. The market score of 0.4 indicates there is some demand, though not exceptionally high. The medium data life suggests that the product will remain relevant for a decent period. However, the lack of historical data limits the confidence in assessing the product's long-term viability and performance.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating a noticeable enhancement in performance. The low data entropy suggests that the data is well-structured and reliable, which is a positive trait for potential users. The market score of 0.4 indicates a decent level of demand, although not extremely high. While the medium data life suggests that the product may have a limited lifespan, the overall combination of attributes supports a reasonable valuation in the mid-range.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:16510.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the solid Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, ensuring noticeable enhancements for users. The structured and reliable nature of the data, combined with the decent market demand, justifies a premium valuation. I believe this product holds significant value in the current market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. While the product shows a reasonable improvement in model performance, my valuation takes into account the limited historical data and medium market demand. I believe a more competitive price is essential to reflect these factors.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 17000. Solid model performance improvements and high market demand justify this price. It reflects the value of the data product while being slightly more accommodating than my previous offer.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 16000. I believe this price reflects a more realistic evaluation of the data product considering the limited data availability and the medium market demand. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's improvements while aligning with my budget constraints.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 16500. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the solid model performance improvements and the existing market demand while still acknowledging the buyer¡¯s concerns about data limitations.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 16400. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the seller's improvements and current market demand while still addressing my reservations about data limitations. This amount reflects a reasonable step towards achieving an agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 16550. I believe this price reflects the ongoing improvements in model performance while still addressing the buyer's concerns about data limitations. It's a fair midpoint that acknowledges both the value of the product and the market dynamics at play.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 16500. I believe this price represents a balanced approach, reflecting the improvements in model performance while also considering my concerns about data limitations. It shows a willingness to compromise while staying within a reasonable range of the seller's recent offer.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 16575. This price reflects the ongoing improvements in model performance and aligns with the current market dynamics, while still considering the buyer's previous offer.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 16525. This price represents a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the seller's improvements while still reflecting my budget constraints and the ongoing negotiation dynamics.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 16550. The market demand remains strong, and the enhancements in model performance are significant, justifying this price as a fair compromise while still reflecting the ongoing improvements.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 16500. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, taking into account the seller's claims of significant model improvements while also considering the ongoing budget constraints and the need for a more competitive rate.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 16525.0. This price reflects the ongoing improvements in model performance while also considering the buyer's constraints. It strikes a balance between our previous discussions and addresses the market dynamics effectively.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 16500. I believe this price represents a fair compromise, considering the ongoing improvements in model performance while still aligning with our previous negotiations. It maintains a balance between your enhancements and my budget constraints.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 16520.0. This price reflects the ongoing improvements in model performance while also considering the budget constraints and recent market dynamics. I believe it strikes a fair balance between our positions and allows us to move closer to a deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 16500. This price reflects my commitment to finding a fair agreement while considering the ongoing improvements in model performance and the budget constraints we've discussed. It's a balanced offer that allows us to close this deal effectively.