Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity, which indicates it can handle a reasonable amount of data processing or storage. However, the lack of other traits (especially any performance metrics or market information) limits the confidence in its overall value. Therefore, it is prudent to set a moderate price considering potential applications in various industries.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product demonstrates a substantial Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can enhance existing systems effectively. While the data entropy is high, suggesting a complex and potentially valuable dataset, the medium data life may limit its long-term value. The market score of 0.5 indicates a moderate demand for the product. However, the lack of historical data reduces overall confidence in valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:14855.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This pricing reflects the substantial Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which clearly indicates that this data product can significantly enhance existing systems. The high data entropy suggests a complex and potentially valuable dataset, making it worth the initial investment. Let's move forward with this negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. While the seller has presented a high initial price based on their assessment of Model Performance Improvement and data entropy, I believe that the overall value is not sufficiently supported by additional performance metrics or market insights. Therefore, I am starting with a more conservative offer that reflects my cautious approach to this investment.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 16000. The value of my data product has not diminished, and I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while still acknowledging the significant Model Performance Improvement and data entropy that justifies the quality of what I'm offering.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5000. My previous offer was significantly lower, but I still believe that the substantial difference between our valuations needs to be bridged. While I acknowledge the seller's points about Model Performance Improvement and data entropy, I need to see more concrete evidence of the product's value before committing to a higher price.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 15000. This price reflects the value of the data product, considering the significant improvements in model performance and the associated data entropy, while also being reasonable enough to encourage progression in our negotiations.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14900. I believe that while the seller's price reflects certain improvements, there is still a need for further validation of the model's performance and value. My offer aims to reflect a fair compromise while allowing room for further discussions.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14950. The data product has shown considerable improvements in model performance and entropy, which justifies a higher price than previous rounds. This revised offer reflects a balanced approach, acknowledging the buyer's concerns while still valuing the enhancements made.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14850. I believe this price reflects the ongoing negotiation while still acknowledging the improvements in model performance and entropy that the seller has highlighted. I am open to finding a middle ground that respects both our positions.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14900. I believe this price reflects the strong improvements in model performance and data entropy while also being reasonable given the buyer's last offer of 14850. This slight adjustment shows my willingness to negotiate while still valuing the quality of the data product.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14800. I believe this price is a fair compromise, reflecting my recognition of the improvements in model performance and data entropy while also staying within a reasonable range compared to the seller's latest offer. It's a strategic move to encourage further negotiation while valuing the data product's quality.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14850. I believe this price reflects the significant model performance improvements and data quality we discussed, while also acknowledging the buyer's latest offer of 14800. This allows us to find a reasonable compromise that recognizes the value of the product while keeping the negotiation moving forward.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14800. I believe this price continues to reflect the value of the data product while recognizing the seller's justification for their recent offer. This allows us to maintain momentum in our negotiations and work toward a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14875. Based on the previous discussions, I believe this price reflects the significant improvements in model performance and data quality while acknowledging the buyer's position. I'm confident this is a fair compromise that can lead us closer to a deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14850. I believe this price reflects my ongoing commitment to a fair negotiation while still valuing the improvements in model performance and data quality that the seller has presented. Let's work towards closing this deal effectively.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14870. This reflects a slight adjustment considering the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's recent offer of 14850, while still recognizing the value of the data product based on its performance improvements and quality.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14840. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while still considering our previous discussions and the seller's latest offer. It's a reasonable step downward that encourages further negotiation without undervaluing the data product.