Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product has adequate capacity and a medium data life, which suggests a decent utility in the market. However, the NULL traits indicate a lack of critical information about model performance and market demand, limiting confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a significant enhancement in performance, which is valuable in data products. The capacity being sufficient adds to its usability, and although the data entropy is high, which suggests variability and potential complexity, the medium data life implies it will remain relevant for a reasonable duration. The market value of 0.5 suggests a moderate demand, which can support a solid price point. The lack of historical data presents some uncertainty, but the other traits provide enough confidence to estimate a reasonable price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:14565.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, along with its sufficient capacity and medium data life, which contribute to its value. While the high data entropy introduces some complexity, the overall value proposition remains strong, justifying this premium price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. Given the considerable disparity between your offer and my valuation, I believe that a lower price better reflects the product's uncertain market demand and the presence of NULL traits that limit confidence in its performance. Let's find a more reasonable agreement.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. This price reflects the exceptional value and performance improvements of the product while still being competitive in the current market landscape. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the quality of my offering and the buyer's concerns.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I believe this price reflects a more balanced approach, taking into account both the seller's claims of exceptional value and performance improvements, as well as my ongoing concerns about market uncertainties. This offer shows my willingness to negotiate while still being mindful of my budget constraints.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the value of the product and the buyer's concerns about market uncertainties, while still recognizing the exceptional performance improvements that justify a higher price.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, taking into account the seller's recognition of performance improvements while still addressing my concerns about the current market uncertainties.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14600. This price reflects the value of the performance improvements and acknowledges the current market conditions while remaining a step above the buyer's last offer.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14400. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while remaining within my budget constraints and reflecting my assessment of the product's value given the current market conditions. Let's move towards a resolution that works for both parties.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the steady performance improvements we've observed and aims to meet you halfway while considering the current market conditions.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's performance improvements while still considering my concerns about market conditions. It¡¯s a reasonable step forward in our negotiations.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects the continued performance improvements of the product while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about market conditions. It represents a fair compromise, allowing us to move forward in the negotiation.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price is a fair and reasonable reflection of the product's value while considering the ongoing market conditions and our previous discussions. It allows us to maintain a balanced approach and move forward effectively in this negotiation.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14550. This price reflects a slight increase to recognize the consistent interest from the buyer while still valuing the product's performance and market dynamics. I believe it balances both parties' concerns effectively.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14450. I believe this price accurately reflects the ongoing negotiations and acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still remaining within my budget constraints. It demonstrates my serious intent to finalize the deal while considering the product's value in the market.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14560. I believe this price reflects the strong value of the product while still acknowledging the buyer's budget concerns and recent market feedback. Let's move closer to a resolution.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14480. This price reflects my continued commitment to finding a fair and reasonable compromise, taking into account the seller's recent offer while still being mindful of my budget constraints and the overall market situation. Let's work towards concluding this deal.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 14570. I believe this price reflects the significant value of the product while still being a reasonable step forward from our previous discussions. It acknowledges the buyer's constraints while emphasizing the quality and performance improvements that make this deal beneficial for both parties.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 14490. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between acknowledging the seller's improvements and my budget constraints. It's a reasonable step forward in our negotiations, and I hope it reflects my serious intent to finalize this deal.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 14580. This price reflects the consistent value and performance improvements of the product while remaining competitive in light of the buyer's previous offer of 14490. I believe this is a reasonable and fair price that acknowledges both the enhancements made and the buyer's budget considerations. Let's move forward.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 14550. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's recent offer and my budget constraints while still acknowledging the value and improvements in the product. Let's finalize this deal.