Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be valuable for potential users. However, the lack of information on data entropy, data life, history, and market limits the overall understanding of the product's robustness and applicability. Given these factors, the price reflects a reasonable valuation based on the available performance improvement while accounting for the uncertainties.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The product demonstrates a significant model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can enhance existing systems or processes. The market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand, and despite the data entropy being high, which typically complicates data usability, the capacity being "enough" indicates that it can handle the data effectively. However, the medium data life and the absence of historical performance data introduce some uncertainty. Overall, the combination of these traits leads to a reasonable valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:3107.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 8000. This price reflects the significant model performance improvement of 0.25 and the moderate demand indicated by the market score of 0.5. The data's capability to handle high entropy effectively further justifies this valuation, even amidst some uncertainties regarding its medium data life and lack of historical performance data.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. Given the moderate model performance improvement of 0.25 and the uncertainties regarding data entropy, life, and history, I believe this price reflects a fair starting point for our negotiations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 3000. I believe this price reflects a more balanced assessment of the data's moderate performance and the current market dynamics, while still recognizing the potential improvements. Let's find a middle ground that respects both our perspectives.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2900. This price acknowledges the seller's perspective while still representing my belief in the value of the data product, considering the potential for improvement and the current market dynamics. I am confident we can reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 3100. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation of the data's potential while recognizing the positive aspects of market demand and model performance improvements. Let's find common ground and move forward.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 3000. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the potential value of the data and the seller's recent offer. It acknowledges the positive aspects of market demand while still being a reasonable compromise. Let's move towards closing this deal efficiently.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 3200. I believe this price reflects the improved valuation of the data's performance while still being reasonable given the current market demand and uncertainties. Let's find a fair agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 3100. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the data's potential value while still accounting for the uncertainties in the market. I am confident that this offer can lead us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 3150. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the buyer's recent offer while still accounting for the quality and potential of the data. Let's move towards a conclusion that benefits both parties.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 3100. I believe this price maintains a fair valuation while considering the seller's recent offer. It reflects my confidence in the data's potential and aligns with my previous assessments of its market demand. Let's move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 3125. This price reflects a fair assessment of the data's value while also considering the buyer's last offer of 3100. I believe this is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges both parties' perspectives and the current market dynamics.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 3100. I believe this price is a fair representation of the data's value, considering the seller's recent offers and my consistent stance throughout our negotiations. It reflects both my assessment of the market and my willingness to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 3110. This price reflects a slight increase from my previous offer, acknowledging the buyer's consistent interest while still emphasizing the quality and potential of the data product. I believe this is a reasonable step towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 3105. I believe this price reflects my continued interest in the data while also acknowledging the seller's recent offer of 3110. It demonstrates my willingness to move closer to a compromise while still maintaining a cautious approach in this negotiation.