Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': "The product shows a decent model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates some level of effectiveness. The market demand is also moderate at 0.5, suggesting there is interest in similar data products. However, the lack of additional traits such as Data Entropy, Data Life, and History limits the overall confidence in the product's capabilities and longevity. Given these factors, a price of 7500 reflects its potential while accounting for the uncertainties.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating that it can enhance performance effectively. The capacity is described as "enough," suggesting it can handle current data needs. However, the high data entropy indicates variability in the data, which could be both a challenge and an opportunity, depending on the use case. The medium data life suggests it won\'t be outdated quickly, but the lack of historical data may limit its perceived reliability. The market factor of 0.5 indicates a decent demand, which supports a reasonable valuation. Overall, the combination of these factors leads to a moderate price expectation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, which positions the product as a highly effective solution. The capacity is adequate for current data needs, and while there is variability in the data, it presents both challenges and opportunities. The demand in the market, indicated by a factor of 0.5, also supports this valuation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 7000. While the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 is indeed noteworthy, there are uncertainties due to the lack of additional traits like Data Entropy and Data Life. This leads me to believe that a more reasonable valuation is necessary, given the potential challenges and variability in the data.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 12000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement and adequate capacity, while still considering the uncertainties due to missing traits and data variability. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the data product while also addressing potential concerns.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 11500. This price represents a strong acknowledgment of the seller's contributions while still being cautious of the uncertainties mentioned. I believe it strikes a fair balance, taking into account the improvements in model performance and capacity while leaving room for negotiation.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 11500. I believe this price reflects a balanced consideration of the model's performance improvements and the uncertainty factors we discussed. Let's move forward with a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 11400. I believe this price is a fair adjustment that takes into account the seller's considerations while still recognizing the inherent uncertainties and variability we discussed. Let's aim for a resolution that reflects both parties' interests.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 11500. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the model's demonstrated improvements and the uncertainties we've discussed, while still acknowledging the value of our ongoing negotiations. Let¡¯s move forward.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 11400. I believe that this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the ongoing improvements of the model while still taking into account the uncertainties we've discussed. I'm confident that this offer represents a fair value that acknowledges both parties' interests as we move forward.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 11500. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the model's potential and the uncertainties we've discussed, while still being within a reasonable range for both parties to consider.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 11400. I believe this price maintains a strong position in light of the previous discussions, reflecting a balance between the model's potential and the uncertainties we continue to navigate. This offer allows us to stay within a reasonable range while still pushing towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 11500. I believe this price reflects the ongoing negotiations while considering the model's performance improvements and the uncertainties we've discussed. It's a fair position that recognizes the value of both parties' contributions.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 11400. I believe this price maintains our ongoing dialogue while recognizing the improvements in model performance and the associated uncertainties that we have been addressing. It's a strategic position that reflects the value and mutual interests we've discussed in previous negotiations.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 11500. I believe this price reflects the model's potential while acknowledging the uncertainties we've discussed in previous rounds. It's a fair middle ground that considers both our interests and contributions.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 11400. I believe this price continues to demonstrate my acknowledgment of the model's potential while also addressing the uncertainties we've discussed. It's a reasonable offer that respects the ongoing negotiations and aligns with our shared interests.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 11500. I believe this price reflects the model's potential and acknowledges the uncertainties we've discussed previously, while still maintaining a strategic position for both parties in this negotiation.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 11400. I believe this price represents a fair compromise that continues to acknowledge the model's potential while addressing the uncertainties we've discussed. It's a strategic move that maintains a strong negotiating position for both parties as we move forward.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 11500. I believe this price maintains the equilibrium between the model's performance potential and the uncertainties we've discussed, while also recognizing the contributions from both sides. Let's move toward closing this deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 11400. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the model's performance potential while considering the uncertainties we've discussed. It's a reasonable step towards finalizing our agreement.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 11500. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, taking into account the model's performance improvements while also acknowledging the uncertainties we've discussed. It's a fair position that aligns with the mutual interests we've explored in our negotiations.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 11400. I believe this price continues to reflect a fair balance between the performance improvements of the model and the uncertainties we have discussed. It maintains our mutual interests while being a strong offer to finalize this deal.