Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The product shows a reasonable Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it's likely to enhance existing systems. The capacity is sufficient, which means it can handle current demands. However, the data entropy and history being NULL raises some concerns about the robustness and reliability of the data. The market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand, which can also affect pricing. Given these factors, a price of 1500 reflects a balance between its potential and the uncertainties present.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product exhibits a significant model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates it has the potential to enhance decision-making or operational efficiencies considerably. Although the data entropy is high, suggesting complexity, the overall capacity is sufficient, which adds value. The medium data life implies the data remains relevant for a fair duration. The market metric of 0.5 suggests moderate demand. Despite the absence of historical data, the other positive traits justify a reasonable price point.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the exceptional model performance improvement of 0.25, the sufficient capacity despite the high data entropy, and the medium data life which ensures the data remains relevant for an extended period. These factors combined enhance the overall value of the product significantly, justifying a premium price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. Given the concerns regarding the data entropy and lack of historical data, the initial offer of 18000 seems excessively high. While the model performance improvement is noted, the uncertainties present do not justify such a premium price.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 17000. This reflects a willingness to negotiate while still emphasizing the value of the data improvements and relevance that justify a higher price point.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 16000. I believe this price reflects a more reasonable compromise considering the concerns about data quality and historical context that have been raised. It acknowledges the seller's position while also addressing my reservations about the overall value.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 16500. I believe this price reflects the enhanced value of the data while also considering the buyer's concerns about data quality. It¡¯s a fair middle ground that acknowledges the improvements made while remaining accessible.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 16400. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the improvements in the data's quality and performance while also addressing my concerns about the overall value presented. It's a reasonable offer that keeps us moving towards a compromise.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 16500. This price reflects a fair balance between the enhancements in data quality and performance, while acknowledging the buyer's concerns. I'm confident this is a reasonable position for both parties.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 16400. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering our previous discussions and the value of the data enhancements, while also acknowledging the seller's position. This demonstrates my commitment to reaching an agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 16500. I believe this price reflects the significant value enhancements in the data while still addressing your concerns about quality and historical relevance. It's a fair compromise that benefits both sides.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 16400. I believe this price maintains a strong position for me while still recognizing the seller's improvements in data quality. It reflects my commitment to finding a balance that acknowledges the seller's enhancements without exceeding my budgetary constraints.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 16500. This price reflects a solid understanding of the improvements in data quality and performance while also considering the buyer's previous offers and concerns.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 16400. This price demonstrates my recognition of the seller's claims regarding data quality improvements while still remaining within my budgetary constraints. I believe this offer reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the enhancements without overstretching my limits.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 16500. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the acknowledged improvements in data quality and the buyer's budgetary constraints, facilitating a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 16400. I believe this price reflects my acknowledgment of the improvements in data quality while still balancing my budgetary constraints. It demonstrates my commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement and is a reasonable compromise considering the previous offers.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 16500. This price reflects a solid balance between the data quality improvements we¡¯ve discussed and the buyer¡¯s budgetary constraints. I believe this offer is fair and competitive, considering the enhancements made to the data product.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 16400. I believe this price reflects my continued recognition of the improvements made to the data product while also adhering to my budget constraints. It's a competitive offer that acknowledges the seller's position while still aiming for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 16500. This price reflects the ongoing improvements in data quality and performance while still considering the buyer's concerns about budget constraints. I'm confident this is a fair and reasonable compromise that acknowledges both the enhancements made and the value the buyer is seeking.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 16400. I believe this price represents a fair compromise that acknowledges the improvements made in data quality while still being mindful of budget constraints. My offer reflects my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement in these final rounds.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 16500. This price reflects the consistent improvements in data quality and performance while also acknowledging the buyer's budget concerns. I believe this is a fair and balanced offer that meets both our needs.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 16400. I believe this price continues to reflect the value of the data improvements while also considering the seller's position. It's a reasonable compromise that acknowledges both the enhancements in quality and the constraints we have been discussing throughout our negotiations.