Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': "The product shows a significant model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates that it has the potential to enhance existing systems or analytics. The market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand, and while the data entropy is high, indicating complexity and potentially valuable insights, the NULL traits (data life and history) limit our understanding of the product's longevity and reliability. However, the existing positive traits still warrant a substantial price.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates that it could significantly enhance performance. The capacity is sufficient, allowing for scalability, while the market score of 0.5 suggests a growing demand. However, the high data entropy indicates complexity, which may require additional resources to manage. The medium data life implies that it will remain relevant for a reasonable period. The lack of historical data does introduce some uncertainty, but overall, the combination of traits suggests a valuable product.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:7622.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 8000. This price reflects the significant value of the data product, which shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 and has potential for scalability. Given the growing market demand indicated by a market score of 0.5, I believe this price is justified to account for the complexity and potential resources required to manage the high data entropy.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 7000. While the data product does show some potential with a moderate Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, I believe that the high data entropy and the uncertainties regarding its longevity justify a more conservative price.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 7500. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's moderate performance and the uncertainties surrounding its longevity, while still being mindful of the market demand.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 7400. This price takes into account the seller's position while also reflecting my assessment of the product's performance and the risks involved. I believe this amount strikes a fair balance between our perspectives.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 7600. This price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the buyer's last offer while still considering the inherent risks and uncertainties associated with the product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 7500. This price takes into account the seller's recent offer while still reflecting the moderate performance of the product and the associated risks. I believe this is a fair and competitive offer that acknowledges our negotiation progress.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 7700. This price reflects the moderate performance of the data product along with the current market demand, while still considering the associated risks and uncertainties I face. Let's move towards a fair agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 7600. The product's moderate performance and the market demand justify this price, while still allowing room for negotiation. I believe we can reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 7650. This price reflects the product's moderate performance and ongoing market demand while still addressing my concerns about potential risks and uncertainties. Let's move towards an agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 7600. This price acknowledges the seller's concerns while still reflecting the product's moderate performance and market demand. I believe this is a fair compromise that can lead us closer to an agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 7625. This price reflects the current market dynamics and the moderate performance of the product while aiming to find a compelling middle ground for both parties.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 7620. This price reflects my understanding of the product's moderate performance and current market conditions while still aiming for a fair resolution. Let's move towards closing this deal.