Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it has potential to enhance performance. The capacity is deemed "enough," which suggests it can handle demand adequately. However, the high data entropy implies that the data is complex and potentially requires advanced processing techniques. The medium data life suggests that the data will remain relevant for some time, but not indefinitely. The market rating of 0.5 indicates a moderate demand for such a product. The lack of historical data limits confidence in long-term reliability and effectiveness. Overall, these factors balance out to a reasonable expected price considering the current market conditions.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.25 indicates a significant enhancement which can attract buyers looking for better efficiency. The medium data life suggests a decent usability period, while the high data entropy implies valuable insights can be extracted from the data. However, the NULL history trait indicates a lack of past performance data which lowers the confidence in its long-term reliability. The market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:3360.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 3500. This price reflects the significant enhancement in model performance and the valuable insights that can be extracted from the data, making it a competitive offering in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 3200. While I acknowledge the potential for enhancement in model performance, my assessment of the data's complexity and market demand leads me to a conservative approach. The offered price does not align with my expectations considering the factors at play. 
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 3300. I believe this price reflects the enhanced value of the data product while addressing the complexities and market demand concerns. This is a fair middle ground that recognizes the significant improvements and insights that can be derived from the data.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 3250. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the enhancements offered while still taking into account the complexities and market conditions that were previously mentioned. It's a reasonable step forward in our negotiation that reflects the value of the data product.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 3350. I believe this price reflects the enhanced value and complexity of the data product while remaining competitive in the current market conditions. Let's work towards a fair agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 3300. I believe this price acknowledges the value and complexity of the data product while remaining competitive and fair based on our previous discussions. Let's aim for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 3400. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product and the enhancements we've discussed while still considering the market demand and complexity involved.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 3350. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting the significant enhancements and value I see in the data product. I believe it strikes a fair balance considering our previous discussions and the complexities involved.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 3370. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while also addressing the complexities we've discussed, ensuring a fair deal for both parties.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 3350. I believe this price is a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the product while still considering the complexities and concerns we've discussed. Let's move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.