Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The market score of 0.3 indicates a low demand or value in the current market context. The lack of data on performance improvement, entropy, life, and history makes it difficult to assess the product's effectiveness or longevity. However, there is an indication of sufficient capacity which gives some base value. Given these factors, a modest price is justified.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates it could lead to substantial gains in efficiency or effectiveness. The data capacity is deemed "enough," suggesting it can handle current loads adequately. A high data entropy indicates that the data is complex and rich, which can be valuable for advanced analytics. The long data life adds to its usability over time. However, the market score of 0.3 suggests limited demand, which can cap the price. Overall, the combination of these factors supports a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1575.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, the rich complexity of the data, and its long usability life, which collectively enhance its value despite the current limited market demand.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. Given the current market score of 0.3, indicating low demand, and the uncertainty regarding the data product's performance, entropy, life, and history, I believe this modest price reflects a fair valuation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2000. I believe this price reflects a more realistic valuation given the current market dynamics and potential for performance improvements.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this price better represents the value of the model while still considering the current market dynamics and the potential performance improvements that have been highlighted. This offer shows my willingness to negotiate while recognizing the seller's perspective.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2000. Given the ongoing discussions and the buyer's willingness to explore realistic valuations, this price reflects a balance between market dynamics and the product's potential. I'm optimistic that this figure acknowledges the improvements while remaining competitive.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation considering the current market dynamics and the potential of the product, while also acknowledging the seller's previous offer. Let's find common ground and move forward.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1900. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between market value and the product's potential, especially considering previous negotiations and the need for a realistic approach in this deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1800. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the seller's perspective while still aiming for a reasonable valuation based on the market dynamics we've discussed. I believe this can create a balanced negotiation and bring us closer to a deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1850. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between our previous discussions and acknowledges the buyer's perspective on market dynamics while still valuing the product appropriately.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1750. I believe this price strikes a balance between our previous discussions and the seller's current offer, while still reflecting the potential value of the product in the market.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1800. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering our previous discussions and the current market dynamics. It's a fair step forward that acknowledges both the product's potential and the buyer's perspective.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price is a reasonable adjustment that reflects my continued interest in the product while also acknowledging the seller's position and the competitive market conditions. It's a strategic move that aims to find a mutually beneficial agreement as we progress in our negotiations.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this reflects a fair adjustment considering our discussions and the current market conditions. Let's find common ground and move forward.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise given the trend in our negotiations and the current market conditions. I'm aiming for a fair resolution that acknowledges both parties' positions and allows us to move forward effectively.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the need to find common ground, while still recognizing the product's potential value in the market.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between our previous discussions and acknowledges the product's potential value while still being mindful of the market dynamics we've faced. Let's continue to move toward a mutually beneficial agreement.