Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a long data life and sufficient capacity, which indicates it can be used over an extended period and can handle a significant amount of data. However, the absence of information on model performance improvement, data entropy, history, and market limits the confidence in its overall effectiveness and demand. Therefore, the expected price reflects a moderate value based on the available traits.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can enhance existing models. The data capacity is adequate, and the long data life suggests sustainability and relevance over time. However, the high data entropy may imply complexity in managing or interpreting the data. The market value of 0.3 reflects a moderate demand. Given these factors, the expected price is justified, but caution is warranted due to the lack of historical data.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:7775.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 that our data product provides, enhancing existing models effectively. The adequate data capacity and long data life further justify this premium, ensuring sustainability and relevance. While there may be complexity due to high data entropy, the moderate market demand of 0.3 supports this valuation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. The significant difference between my offer and your price reflects my concerns regarding the limited information on model performance improvement, data entropy, and market demand. While your product has notable features, I believe my offer is more aligned with the current uncertainties surrounding its effectiveness and demand.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 8000. This price reflects a more balanced perspective on the model's potential while still acknowledging the uncertainties that exist in the market. I believe this is a fair deal considering the improvements and demand factors you mentioned.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 7900. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the seller's perspective while still aiming for a favorable deal. I believe it strikes a balance between the seller's current offer and my earlier valuation, considering the improvements in model performance and market demand.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 8000. I believe this price reflects the potential of the model while still acknowledging the concerns about uncertainties in performance and market demand. It's a fair middle ground that allows us to progress in our negotiations.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 7900. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, acknowledging the seller's concerns while also reflecting the model's potential in the market. It allows us to move forward with the negotiations while remaining competitive.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 8000. I believe this price reflects the potential of the model while addressing the uncertainties we've discussed. It strikes a balance between the market demand and the performance factors we've analyzed.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 7900. I believe this price continues to reflect a fair assessment of the model's potential while acknowledging the uncertainties we've discussed. It keeps the negotiation moving forward and maintains a competitive edge while ensuring we both have a stake in the model's success.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 8000. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the model's potential while considering the uncertainties we've discussed. Let's move forward and find common ground.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 7900. I believe this price maintains a balance between recognizing the model's potential and addressing the uncertainties we've discussed. It's a fair compromise that can foster mutual interest and collaboration moving forward.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 8000. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the model's potential while acknowledging the ongoing market uncertainties. It represents a balanced compromise that can satisfy both parties and pave the way for a successful deal.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 7900. I believe this price strikes a solid balance between recognizing the model's potential and addressing the current market uncertainties. It reflects my continued commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement while acknowledging the seller's latest position.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 7950. I believe this price reflects a slight compromise while still acknowledging the uncertainties surrounding the model's performance and market demand. This small adjustment may facilitate a more favorable negotiation and bring us closer to an agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 7850. This price represents a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's concerns while still reflecting my confidence in the model's potential. I believe this offer strikes a balance between our positions and moves us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 7900. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering both the model's potential and the ongoing uncertainties in the market. This allows us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement while still recognizing the value of the product.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 7800. I believe this price maintains a fair assessment of the model's potential while still considering the uncertainties in the market. It's a reasonable compromise that allows us to move forward in our negotiations.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 7850. This price reflects a careful consideration of the ongoing negotiations and aims to strike a balance between the potential of the model and the current market realities. I believe this is a reasonable step towards reaching an agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 7750. This price reflects my assessment of the ongoing negotiations and acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still considering the value and potential of the model. I believe it's a fair step towards reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 7800. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing discussions about model performance and market uncertainties, and it positions us closer to an agreement that acknowledges both parties' interests.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 7750. I believe this price is a reasonable step towards reaching an agreement, reflecting the model's potential while still acknowledging the seller's concerns about market uncertainties. I'm confident this bid maintains a balance that could facilitate a final resolution.