Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'Although several traits are NULL, the product has a long data life and sufficient capacity, which indicates it could be valuable for long-term data usage. The market rating of 0.3 suggests there is some demand, albeit limited. Thus, the estimated price reflects potential value given the traits that are present.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 suggests a reasonable enhancement that could attract users looking for effective solutions. The capacity being "enough" indicates that it can handle a significant amount of data, which is a positive trait. However, the high data entropy suggests complexity in the data, which could require specialized expertise to manage. The long data life indicates that the product could have sustained value over time. The market value of 0.3 is moderate, suggesting there\'s some demand, but not overwhelming. With only one trait being NULL, there\'s enough information to support this valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1725.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement and the long data life, suggesting substantial value for effective solutions in handling complex data.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price acknowledges the seller's offer while still reflecting my assessment of the product's potential value given its long data life and the moderate market rating. I'm keen to negotiate effectively and reach a deal that benefits both parties.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects the significant value of the product while also considering the buyer's previous offer. It allows room for negotiation while still being attractive for both parties.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price maintains a fair balance, reflecting the product's value while also respecting the seller's recent offer. It keeps the negotiations moving forward in a positive direction, and I'm eager to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects the strong value of the product, taking into account its Model Performance Improvement and long data life. This price aims for a fair compromise while still recognizing the quality and potential benefits of the product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation of the product while still recognizing its significant value due to its Model Performance Improvement and long data life. I am aiming for a positive negotiation outcome that respects both parties' interests.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects the value of the product, considering its significant Model Performance Improvement and long data life, while still being competitive in our negotiations.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price acknowledges the significant value of the product while remaining competitive in our ongoing negotiations. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1750. The product's exceptional value and performance improvements justify this price, and I believe it aligns well with the buyer's appreciation for the product's long data life. Let's move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1700. The product's impressive performance and longevity are certainly valuable, but I believe my offer reflects a fair assessment of its worth. Let's work towards a deal that both parties can be satisfied with.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price accurately reflects the product's exceptional value and performance while still being reasonable for both parties to agree upon. Let's move towards a mutually beneficial deal.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while considering our previous negotiations. It acknowledges the product's performance and longevity, and I hope we can reach a mutually beneficial agreement with this offer.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price accurately reflects the product's exceptional value, considering its performance improvement and long data life, while also being fair and competitive based on our ongoing negotiations.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while acknowledging the seller's previous offer. It also allows us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement, considering the ongoing negotiations.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the product's exceptional value, considering its Model Performance Improvement and long data life, while also acknowledging the buyer's consistent interest in this range. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1700. The value of the product is significant, but I believe my offer reflects a fair assessment given the consistent negotiations we've had. This price also aligns with my previous offers and maintains the integrity of our ongoing discussions. Let's aim for a resolution that works for both of us.