Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and high data entropy, which suggests it can handle complex data and provide valuable insights. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement, data life, and market context limits the overall assessment. The expected price reflects the potential value of the product, but the uncertainty due to NULL traits warrants caution.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating its potential to enhance existing models. The capacity is sufficient, and while the data entropy is high, suggesting variability and complexity, the long data life enhances its value by indicating reliability over time. The market score of 0.3 reflects a moderate demand, which combined with the other positive traits suggests a reasonable market price. However, the lack of historical data may limit the perceived risk for potential buyers.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, the product's high capacity, and its long data life, which enhances reliability. While there is some complexity due to the high data entropy, I believe the overall value justifies this premium pricing.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. The product has potential value due to its high capacity and data entropy, but the uncertainties regarding model performance and data life warrant a much lower starting point. I believe this price reflects a cautious approach while still recognizing the product's capabilities.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 12000. This price reflects the potential value of the data product while also considering the uncertainties surrounding model performance and data longevity. I believe this offer strikes a balance between the high expectations for model improvement and the realities of its reliability.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 11000. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's concerns about model performance and data longevity while still reflecting the significant potential value of the data product. This is a fair compromise that recognizes both sides' perspectives.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 11500. I believe this price reflects the potential value of the data product while accounting for the uncertainties in model performance and data life. It¡¯s a fair compromise that acknowledges the buyer's concerns while still maintaining a reasonable return for the product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 11400. I believe this price strikes a balance between the value of the data product and the inherent uncertainties we've discussed. It acknowledges the seller's perspective while still aiming for a reasonable deal that reflects my confidence in the product's potential.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 11500. I believe this price reflects the potential of the data product while still addressing the uncertainties we discussed. It's a fair compromise that shows confidence in the value it can deliver, and I hope we can reach an agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 11450. I believe this price strikes a balance between my confidence in the data product's potential and the uncertainties we've been discussing. It demonstrates my willingness to negotiate while still valuing the product appropriately. Let's work towards a successful agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 11500. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the potential of the data product while still considering the uncertainties surrounding its performance and data life. Let's find a balance that works for both of us.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 11400. I believe this price still acknowledges the potential of the data product while reflecting my concerns about its performance and data life. Let's move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 11500. I believe this price reflects the balance between the product's potential and the uncertainties we have discussed. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 11400. I believe this reflects my continued confidence in the product's value while still acknowledging the uncertainties we've discussed. It positions us closer to a resolution that recognizes both the potential and the risks involved.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 11500. I believe this price reflects the potential value of the data product while addressing previous concerns about its performance and reliability. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' stances and keeps the negotiation moving forward.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 11400. I believe this price still reflects a fair compromise considering the potential value of the data product while addressing the ongoing concerns about its performance and reliability. This offer demonstrates my commitment to reaching an agreement that is beneficial for both parties as we move forward in the negotiations.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 11450. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the product's potential while still considering the uncertainties regarding its performance and data life. Let's move towards a resolution that values both parties' perspectives.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 11350. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the value of the product and addressing the lingering uncertainties about its performance and data life. Let's aim for a resolution that respects both our positions while moving closer to an agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 11400. I believe this price reflects the ongoing negotiation dynamics and acknowledges the buyer's concerns while still valuing the potential of the data product. Let's work towards a resolution that satisfies both parties.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 11300. I believe this price reflects the ongoing negotiation dynamics while still acknowledging the seller's concerns about the product's uncertainties. It's a strategic move to bring us closer to a resolution that satisfies both parties and recognizes the potential value of the data product.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 11350. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the product's potential while still addressing the uncertainties we've discussed. It's a reasonable adjustment that moves us closer to a deal without compromising the value of the data product.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 11250. I believe this price reflects a fair value for the data product while still considering the uncertainties we've discussed. It's a step closer to a compromise that acknowledges the potential of the product without overstating its current value.