Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has a decent capacity and a high data entropy, which suggests that it can provide valuable insights despite the lack of specific performance metrics and other traits. The market size is low (0.3), indicating limited demand, which could cap the potential price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 and a long data life, which indicates that it can provide valuable insights over time. Additionally, the capacity being "enough" suggests that it can handle the required data workload. However, the high data entropy indicates that the data may be complex or noisy, which could limit ease of use. The market rating of 0.3 suggests moderate demand. Overall, while there are some positive traits, the presence of NULL values in history makes it difficult to ascertain the product\'s track record, which slightly diminishes confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2425.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 and the potential for valuable insights over time due to the long data life. While the data's complexity is a factor, the overall capacity is sufficient to handle the required workload, making this a worthwhile investment.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1200. Given the low market size and the medium confidence in the valuation, I believe this is a reasonable starting point. The potential insights are valuable, but the high price of 6000 does not align with my expectations based on the data's capacity and demand.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects a more balanced perspective on the value of the data product, considering both the potential for model performance improvement and the market dynamics. It's a reasonable middle ground that acknowledges the buyer's interest while still valuing the product appropriately.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2400. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's perspective while still prioritizing my budget constraints. It acknowledges the value of the data product while aiming for a more favorable deal.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2600. This price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the value of the product while considering the budget constraints we've discussed. Let's move forward with this reasonable offer.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2500. This price maintains a strong alignment with the product's perceived value while also taking into account our previous discussions and budget considerations. I'm confident this offer reflects a fair compromise and paves the way for a successful agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2550. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's value and the ongoing negotiations, acknowledging the buyer's willingness to invest while still considering market dynamics.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2500. I believe this price maintains a strong balance between recognizing the product's value and respecting the ongoing negotiations while allowing us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2500. I believe this price reflects the value of the product while considering market dynamics and the previous offers we've exchanged. It's a fair position that aims to foster a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2450. I believe this price strikes a balance between my previous offers and the seller's current position while still reflecting the product's value and my budget constraints. It's a reasonable compromise that could lead us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2450. This reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the buyer's interest while still aligning with the product's perceived value and market dynamics. Let's move closer to a mutual agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2400. This reflects my understanding of the product's value and my desire to reach a mutual agreement. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's position while still being within my budget constraints. Let's move forward towards closing the deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2450. This price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the ongoing discussions and the buyer's previous offer of 2400. I believe this aligns closely with the perceived value of the product while still respecting budget constraints. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2400. This price reflects my continued commitment to balancing the perceived value of the product with my budget constraints. It aligns closely with our previous discussions and emphasizes my willingness to reach a fair agreement. Let's find common ground and move forward.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2450. This price reflects a reasonable compromise based on our past discussions and acknowledges the value of the product while still aiming to meet budget considerations.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2400. This reflects my ongoing commitment to balancing the product's value with my budget considerations, while also acknowledging the reasonable offer from the seller. I believe this price keeps us moving toward a mutually beneficial agreement.