Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and a long data life, which are positive indicators of its potential usefulness and longevity in the market. However, the high data entropy suggests that while the data may be rich, it could also be complex to analyze. The lack of information on model performance improvement and market context lowers the confidence in the valuation, but the remaining traits suggest a reasonable value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can enhance performance effectively. The capacity is sufficient, and the data life is long, suggesting durability and ongoing utility. However, the high data entropy may imply complexity and potential challenges in data handling. The market score of 0.3 suggests moderate demand. Overall, these attributes point to a valuable product, but the NULL history trait introduces some uncertainty.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, indicating a high potential for enhancing performance effectively. The durability of the product, coupled with its long data life, adds to its overall value. While there are some complexities due to high data entropy, the product's attributes suggest it is worth this investment.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4900. While I acknowledge the product's potential due to its durability and long data life, the complexities presented by high data entropy and the lack of information on model performance improvement temper my enthusiasm. A price closer to 4900 reflects my cautious valuation, and I believe it still recognizes the value of the product while allowing for a fair negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, recognizing the product's considerable performance improvements while addressing my earlier concerns about data entropy. This valuation maintains a balance between both parties¡¯ interests.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5400. This price acknowledges the seller's perspective while still reflecting my belief in the product's value and performance enhancements. It represents a reasonable step towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5500. This reflects a balanced compromise considering the product's significant performance improvements while addressing concerns about data entropy. I'm confident this price is fair for both parties involved in this deal.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5400. This price reflects my appreciation for the significant performance improvements of the product while still considering the concerns about data entropy. I'm confident this offer is reasonable and keeps us moving towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the significant performance improvements and durability of the product while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns regarding data entropy. I believe this is a fair compromise that benefits both parties and encourages a swift resolution.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5400. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while also reflecting the value I see in the product and the ongoing discussions about performance improvements and durability. I believe this is a reasonable step towards finalizing an agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5450. I believe this price reflects a fair balance, considering the product's significant performance improvements while still addressing the concerns about data entropy. It demonstrates my willingness to negotiate and find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price strikes a fair balance considering the significant performance improvements while still being within a reasonable range that addresses the seller's concerns. This proposal reflects my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5450. This price reflects a balanced approach, considering the improvements and performance of the product while still addressing my concerns regarding data entropy. It also aligns closely with our previous discussions, aiming for a fair deal for both parties.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price maintains the fair balance we¡¯ve been discussing while still acknowledging the significant performance improvements of the product. It's a reasonable compromise that respects both our positions and should facilitate a swift agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5450. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing discussions about the product's performance improvements and the data entropy concerns. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price continues to reflect a fair balance between the product's improvements and the seller's concerns regarding data entropy. Let's finalize this deal and ensure both parties benefit from the agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects a fair balance considering the product's performance improvements and durability, while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns about data entropy. Let's move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price fairly acknowledges the seller's perspective on the product's performance improvements while also addressing my concerns regarding data entropy. This amount is a solid compromise that demonstrates my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects the product's significant performance improvements, durability, and the concerns about data entropy we both have discussed. It's a fair compromise that respects the value of the product while also considering our previous negotiations.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance considering the product's significant performance improvements and durability, while still addressing the concerns we've discussed regarding data entropy. It's a fair and practical offer as we approach the final rounds of negotiation.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects the product's significant performance improvements and durability while maintaining a fair balance between both parties' perspectives. Let's find a mutually beneficial agreement that acknowledges the value of this exceptional product.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price strikes a fair balance considering the product's performance improvements and durability while also reflecting my continued commitment to reach a mutually beneficial agreement. Let's finalize this deal.