Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a reasonable enhancement in performance, which could attract buyers looking for improvement in their data models. However, the absence of critical traits such as Data Entropy, Data Life, History, and Market limits the ability to fully assess the product's potential value and market demand. Given these factors, the price reflects a moderate expectation based on the available MPI.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it has substantial capabilities for enhancing outcomes. The capacity is deemed "enough," suggesting it can handle required workloads effectively. Additionally, the data life is long, which implies durability and potential for long-term use. However, the market trait is relatively low at 0.3, which may limit demand. The high data entropy indicates complexity and richness, which can be beneficial for various applications. Overall, the combination of strengths with some limitations leads to a moderate price estimate.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:5425.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 7000. This data product demonstrates a remarkable model performance improvement of 0.25, showcasing its substantial capabilities for enhancing outcomes. Additionally, its long data life ensures durability and potential for long-term use, making it a valuable asset.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4800. The model performance improvement of 0.25 is appealing, but the lack of critical traits such as Data Entropy and Data Life limits my confidence in the product's full potential value. Therefore, I believe my offer reflects a fair starting point for negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 6000.0. This price reflects the exceptional performance and durability of the product while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns regarding the missing traits. I believe this is a fair compromise that values the product's strengths while being considerate of the buyer's position.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5700. This price reflects a recognition of the seller's arguments regarding the product's performance and durability, while still addressing the existing concerns about missing traits. I believe this is a reasonable and competitive offer that moves us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5800. I believe this price reflects the value of the product while acknowledging the buyer's concerns regarding missing traits. It balances performance, durability, and the need for a fair negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price is a fair compromise that considers the seller's recent offer while still reflecting the concerns I have about the product's missing traits. This offer acknowledges the value presented by the seller, yet remains within a reasonable range for both parties.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5750. This price reflects a slight concession while still emphasizing the product's notable performance improvements and overall durability. I believe this price is fair considering the value it provides, and it addresses your concerns about the missing traits.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5600. I believe this price strikes a balance between the product's performance and durability while still acknowledging the missing traits that are crucial to my decision-making. This offer is a reasonable step towards a fair agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5700. The product's performance and durability remain exceptional, and I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the previous discussions.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5600. I believe this price aligns well with the discussions we've had so far and reflects the value of the product while still considering the missing traits. It¡¯s a reasonable compromise that maintains a focus on both performance and cost.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5650. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's performance and durability, while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns about the missing traits. I believe this is a fair compromise that encourages us to move forward in this deal.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5550. I believe this price reflects a fair consideration of the product's performance and durability while still addressing the ongoing concerns regarding the missing traits. It's a reasonable step towards closing this deal effectively.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5600. This price reflects the strong performance and durability of the product while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns about missing traits. It's a fair compromise that maintains the product's value in the market.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5500. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while considering the product's missing traits. It's a reasonable compromise that reflects my continued interest while maintaining a fair stance in this negotiation.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5550. This price reflects the product's solid performance and durability while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about the missing traits. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the value of the product while remaining competitive.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5450. This price reflects my continued recognition of the product's value while also addressing the concerns about its missing traits. I believe this offer is a reasonable step toward reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5500. Given the consistent interest from the buyer and the close offers in previous rounds, this price reflects a fair balance between the product's value and the buyer's concerns regarding its missing traits.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the seller's offer while still considering the ongoing concerns regarding the product's missing traits. This is a step towards a mutually beneficial agreement as we approach the final rounds of negotiation.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5450. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's performance and durability while considering the buyer's concerns about missing traits. Let's come to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price strikes a balance between the product's performance and durability while still reflecting my concerns regarding the missing traits. It's a reasonable offer that allows us to move toward a mutually beneficial agreement.