Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be valuable to potential users. The market score of 0.3 suggests there is some demand for this type of product, although it is not exceptionally high. However, the presence of several NULL traits, particularly Data Entropy, Data Life, and History, limits the overall insight into the product's robustness and longevity. This uncertainty in key traits lowers the confidence in the valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates that it can enhance existing models effectively. The capacity is sufficient, and the data life is long, suggesting durability and relevance over time. However, the high data entropy could imply complexity in data management and interpretation. The market score of 0.3 suggests moderate demand, which, combined with the positive traits, leads to a reasonable price expectation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:3110.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 8500. This price reflects the exceptional model performance improvement and the long data life, making it a valuable asset for enhancing existing models effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. The offered price of 8500 is significantly higher than my valuation, considering the moderate model performance improvement and the uncertainties in key traits. I believe my offer reflects a more realistic assessment of the product's value in the current market context.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 3000. I believe this price reflects a more balanced evaluation of the data's performance improvements while considering the current market uncertainties. This amount acknowledges the enhancements while still being a reasonable expectation for the value provided.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2900. I believe this price strikes a fair compromise, acknowledging the improvements in performance while still being cautious given the market uncertainties. It reflects my confidence in the data's value while remaining within a reasonable range.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 3100. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the data's value and the market conditions while still allowing for a reasonable negotiation space.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 3000. This price reflects my continued acknowledgment of the data's potential value while maintaining a cautious approach given the market conditions. I believe this offer strikes a balance between our previous discussions and provides a reasonable path forward for both parties.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 3200. I believe this price reflects a reasonable balance between the data's value and the current market conditions, while also acknowledging the buyer's previous offers.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 3100. I believe this price continues to reflect a fair assessment of the data's value while acknowledging the seller's perspective and the current market conditions. This offer demonstrates my willingness to move closer to the seller's expectation while still being mindful of my budget.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 3150. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the data's potential and the market conditions we discussed. It shows my willingness to progress towards a deal while still recognizing the value of the product.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 3100. This price reflects my continued commitment to finding a balanced agreement while recognizing the seller¡¯s latest offer. It shows I'm willing to progress towards a fair deal without compromising too much on value.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 3120. I believe this price reflects a reasonable consideration of the data's value while remaining competitive in the current market landscape. It acknowledges the improvements and potential of the product while addressing the buyer¡¯s previous offers.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 3100. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the data's value while remaining within my budget constraints. It acknowledges the improvements and potential of the product while also showing my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.