Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a significant enhancement in performance, which can be valuable to businesses looking to optimize their data products. The "long" data life suggests that the product can be used effectively over an extended period, adding to its value. However, the presence of NULL traits (Data Entropy, History, Market) limits the overall certainty about the product\'s applicability and market fit. Thus, while there is potential, the lack of comprehensive data prevents a higher valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can enhance performance effectively. Additionally, it has a long data life and sufficient capacity, which implies it can be utilized for a prolonged period. However, the high data entropy suggests complexity or variability in the data, which could limit its usability in some contexts. The market value of 0.3 indicates a niche demand, but overall, the positive traits suggest a decent value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 that our data product provides, ensuring a marked enhancement in performance. Additionally, the long data life and ample capacity indicate its utility over an extended period, making it a valuable investment.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. While the Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 is noteworthy, the presence of NULL traits raises concerns about the overall applicability and market fit of the product. Given these factors, I believe a price of 4000 is more reflective of its current value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 12000. This price reflects the value of the product while considering the performance improvements highlighted, but also addresses my concerns about market fit. I'm confident this is a fair midpoint that acknowledges both our positions.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 11500. I believe this price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's value and the performance improvements while remaining competitive and acknowledging the seller's concerns about market fit.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 11500. This price reflects a fair valuation considering the buyer's last offer and acknowledges the product's competitive potential while still addressing the concerns about market fit.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 11400. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's current offer and reflecting my continued interest in securing this product while considering its competitive potential and market fit.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 11550. Given the ongoing negotiations, this price reflects a slight increase to acknowledge the buyer's willingness to engage while still emphasizing the product's value and the unique traits that make it competitive in the market.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 11400. This price reflects my continued interest in the product while recognizing the seller's recent offer. I believe it maintains a fair balance between the product's value and my budget constraints. Let's keep the momentum going toward a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 11500. I believe this price reflects the product's significant value while also considering the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 11400. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the product's value and my budget considerations, while still demonstrating my continued interest in reaching an agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 11500. I believe this price reflects the product's significant value while still being competitive in the market, considering our previous discussions.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 11400. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the value of the product and my budget constraints, while still reflecting my ongoing interest in reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 11500. I believe this price reflects the product's value while also considering the buyer's budget and the ongoing negotiations. Let's find common ground to move forward.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 11400. This price maintains my budget while still recognizing the value of the product and the seller's position. It reflects a reasonable compromise that aligns with our previous discussions and keeps the negotiation moving forward.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 11500. Given the consistent offers and negotiations, I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while still considering your budget constraints. Let's move towards a resolution that works for both parties.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 11400. I believe this price is reasonable and reflects my ongoing commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement. It considers both the product's perceived value and my budget constraints while maintaining a fair negotiation spirit. Let's work towards closing this deal effectively.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 11500. I believe this price reflects the value of the product while also acknowledging the buyer's consistent interest and budget constraints. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 11400. This price maintains a fair valuation while remaining within my budget constraints. I'm committed to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement, and I believe this is a reasonable offer considering the ongoing discussions.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 11500. I believe this price reflects the product's true value while remaining within the buyer's budget constraints. Let's find a way to close this deal effectively.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 11400. I believe this price maintains a fair balance between the perceived value of the product and my budget constraints, while still being competitive in our negotiations. Let's finalize this deal and move forward!