Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The product shows a notable Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can enhance performance, which is valuable in many data-driven applications. The long data life suggests its relevance will persist over time, adding to its value. However, the NULL values in Data Entropy and History indicate some uncertainty regarding the product's quality and consistency. The market score of 0.3 suggests moderate demand, which further influences the pricing.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product displays a considerable Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating that it can enhance performance effectively. Additionally, it has enough capacity and a long data life, which suggests it can sustain its utility over time. However, the high data entropy might imply complexities in data management. The market demand is somewhat low at 0.3, which slightly dampens the potential value. Overall, it possesses several positive traits, but with some limitations in market demand and historical data.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:16540.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the considerable Model Performance Improvement and the product's long data life, which are valuable traits. While there are complexities due to high data entropy and moderate market demand, the overall utility and performance enhancements justify this premium price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. While I recognize the considerable Model Performance Improvement and the product's long data life, the high price of 18000 does not align with my budget or the moderate market demand. I believe a more reasonable starting point is necessary considering the uncertainties indicated by the NULL values in Data Entropy and History.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 17000. This new price reflects a willingness to negotiate while still maintaining the value of the significant model performance improvements and long data life that come with my data product. I believe this adjustment brings us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 16000. Given the seller's previous price of 17000, I believe this new offer is a fair compromise that still acknowledges the value of the data product while allowing us to progress towards an agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 16500. This price reflects a balanced approach, recognizing the buyer's previous offer while still valuing the product's significant performance improvements and data longevity. Let's find common ground and move forward.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 16400. I believe this price demonstrates my willingness to recognize the value of the product while still aiming for a fair compromise that reflects my budget constraints. Let's work toward a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 16550. This price reflects the considerable value of the data product, taking into account its exceptional performance and long data life, while also making a slight concession to move towards an agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 16500. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the value of the data product, considering the previous discussions and the incremental adjustments we've made. It's a reasonable step towards an agreement while still respecting my budget constraints.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 16550. I believe this price reflects the exceptional value and performance of the data product while accommodating the buyer's budget constraints. It's a fair compromise that recognizes the quality of what I'm offering.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 16500. I believe this price acknowledges the quality of the data product while remaining within my budget constraints. It's a reasonable step towards finalizing the deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 16575. This price reflects the exceptional value and performance of the data product while also considering the buyer's previous offer. It's a reasonable step towards reaching an agreement that acknowledges both the quality of the product and the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 16550. I believe this price acknowledges the product's value while remaining within my budget constraints. It reflects a willingness to meet the seller halfway and move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 16580. This price reflects the outstanding value and longevity of the data product while allowing for a small concession to meet the buyer's concerns.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 16540. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while acknowledging the product's value and my budget constraints. Let's work towards a beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 16560. This price reflects the high quality and performance of the data product while still being a reasonable step towards reaching an agreement with you. Let's find common ground.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 16520. This price reflects my recognition of the value of the data product while still being mindful of my budget constraints. I believe this is a fair compromise that brings us closer to an agreement.