Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a notable enhancement in performance, which can be valuable for businesses seeking efficiency. Although there are several NULL traits that limit the overall assessment, the combination of high data entropy and sufficient capacity suggests that the product has potential applications in diverse markets. However, the lack of historical data and market specifics lowers the confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '25000', 'reason': "The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates its capability to enhance existing models. The capacity is deemed sufficient, and the long data life suggests that the data can be used effectively over an extended period. However, the high data entropy indicates complexity, which might require more effort to analyze and utilize effectively. The market value of 0.3 points to a moderate demand, suggesting that while the product has promising features, the market isn't saturated with high demand. Overall, these factors suggest the product has decent value but with some limitations due to high data entropy and the absence of a historical track record.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:24325.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 30000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 and the product's long data life, showcasing its potential to enhance existing models effectively. While the high data entropy presents some complexity, the overall value and moderate market demand suggest a strong pricing strategy.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 12000. While the Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 is impressive, the lack of historical data and market specifics reduces my confidence in the valuation. This lower price reflects my consideration of the risks involved and the potential limitations of the product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 25000. The data product offers substantial model performance improvements and has a long data life, which significantly enhances its value. I believe this new price reflects a fair compromise while still recognizing the quality and potential of the data being offered.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 24000. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the quality of the data product and my concerns regarding its historical data limitations. This offer reflects a reasonable step towards a fair agreement while still being mindful of the risks involved.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 24500. I believe this price reflects the data product's significant performance improvements while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns about the historical data limitations. This is a fair compromise that ensures value for both parties.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 24000. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the product's value, considering the improvements and the historical data limitations previously discussed. It is a competitive offer that addresses both our interests.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 24550. I believe this price reflects the substantial value of the data product, considering its significant performance improvements and the long data life it offers. This slight increase shows my willingness to negotiate while still emphasizing the quality and benefits of the product.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 24000. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the product's value, considering my previous offers and the need to find a mutually agreeable price amidst the ongoing negotiations. This amount balances the quality and performance improvements with the concerns regarding historical data.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 24500. This price reflects the consistent improvements in the product's performance while also addressing the buyer's concerns about historical data limitations. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the value of the data product.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 24400. I believe this price reflects a reasonable acknowledgment of the improvements in the product's performance while still considering my concerns regarding the historical data limitations. This offer demonstrates my willingness to engage in a constructive dialogue while also ensuring that I protect my interests in this deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 24500. I believe this price reflects the significant value of the data product, considering its performance improvements and long data life, while remaining competitive and reasonable given the buyer's previous offers.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 24400. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the value I see in the data product while still addressing my concerns about its historical data limitations. I appreciate the seller's perspective, but I need to ensure that my investment aligns with the product's long-term viability.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 24450. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the ongoing negotiations while still emphasizing the significant value and performance improvements of the data product. I'm confident this is a fair compromise that addresses both parties' concerns.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 24350. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise given the value of the data product and the ongoing negotiations, while still addressing my concerns regarding the historical data limitations. This slight adjustment shows my willingness to collaborate and reach an agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 24400. This price reflects the outstanding performance improvements of the data product while still being mindful of the buyer's concerns regarding historical data limitations. Let's work towards a fair agreement that recognizes the value of what I'm offering.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 24300. I believe this price acknowledges the seller¡¯s emphasis on the product's performance improvements while still addressing my concerns regarding the historical data limitations. It's a strategic move to inch closer to a fair agreement without overcommitting at this stage.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 24350. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the product's performance improvements and the buyer's concerns regarding historical data limitations, while also allowing us to move closer to an agreement in these final rounds.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 24300. I believe this price reflects my acknowledgment of the product's performance improvements while still addressing my concerns regarding the historical data limitations. I am committed to finding a fair resolution in these final rounds.