Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a medium data life and sufficient capacity, which indicates it can still be valuable for users who need a reliable data solution. However, the lack of information regarding model performance improvement, data entropy, history, and market limits the overall confidence in its full potential value.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, which indicates a significant enhancement in performance. While the data life is medium and there is low data entropy, suggesting the data is stable and well-structured, the NULL history indicates a lack of past performance data which could affect the perceived reliability. However, the market value is rated at 0.5, reflecting moderate demand. Overall, the combination of these traits leads to a reasonable valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1727.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, as well as the stable and well-structured nature of the data, despite the lack of past performance data. The market demand also supports a higher valuation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The offered price of 1800 does not align with the overall value considering the medium data life and lack of performance history. My offer reflects a more cautious approach given the uncertainties surrounding the product's potential.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects the current market demand while considering the uncertainties surrounding data life and performance history. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's market considerations and recognizing the value of the data product based on performance potential. It's a reasonable step towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects a balanced approach, considering the buyer's interest and the current market demand while still accounting for the uncertainties regarding data life and performance history.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price acknowledges the seller's offer of 1750 while remaining competitive, reflecting my understanding of the market conditions and the value of the data product.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the market demand and the inherent uncertainties regarding the data product's performance. It's a competitive offer considering the buyer's last proposal and the overall value we both see in this deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1720. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's last offer and the value I see in the data product. It reflects my confidence in the market demand while still being mindful of the uncertainties discussed.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1730. I believe this price reflects a fair balance considering the buyer's recent offer of 1720 and acknowledges the strong market demand while still taking into account the uncertainties surrounding data performance and lifespan. Let's move forward with this negotiation.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1725. I believe this price strikes a fair compromise between our last offers and acknowledges the ongoing market demand while recognizing the uncertainties that still exist. Let's keep the momentum of this negotiation moving forward.