Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a reasonable enhancement in performance, which can be appealing to users looking for efficiency. However, the high data entropy suggests complexity or variability in the data, which could hinder usability. The market demand of 0.3 shows some interest, but the lack of data life and history limits the ability to assess long-term value. Therefore, the expected price reflects a balance between potential and uncertainty.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a substantial enhancement in performance, which is valuable in data products. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle the required data loads, while high data entropy may imply rich and diverse data, increasing its potential applications. The long data life indicates that the product can remain relevant for an extended period. However, the market rating of 0.3 suggests moderate demand, which could limit pricing potential. Overall, the combination of these factors leads to a reasonable valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:15660.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the substantial enhancement in performance indicated by the model performance improvement of 0.25, along with the product's capability to handle diverse data loads and its long data life, which enhances its value in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 14000. The substantial enhancement in performance is appealing, but the high data entropy and lack of data life and history create uncertainty in long-term value. My offer reflects a balanced consideration of both potential and risk.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 16000. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product given its improved performance while still addressing concerns over data entropy and history. It's a fair compromise that recognizes both parties' perspectives.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 15500. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's concerns while still reflecting my strong interest in the data product's value. It represents a balanced approach that considers both the improved performance and the need for a fair agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 15800. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the buyer's previous offer while also addressing my concerns about data quality and performance. This allows us to move closer to a deal that satisfies both parties.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 15600. I believe this price strikes a solid balance between both of our interests, acknowledging your concerns while still valuing the data product's potential. This brings us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 15700. I believe this price strikes a balance between the value of the data product and the buyer¡¯s concerns about quality and history, while still moving closer to an agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 15650. I believe this price reflects a strong commitment to reaching an agreement while still addressing my concerns about data quality and history. This offer is a fair compromise, just slightly below the seller's last offer, and I am optimistic it will bring us closer to a deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 15680. This price reflects a strong balance between acknowledging the buyer's concerns and the inherent value of the data product, ensuring that both parties can move forward effectively.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 15650. I believe this price represents a fair compromise, acknowledging the seller's concerns while still valuing the data product's potential. It reflects my commitment to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement that recognizes both parties' interests.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 15690. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the buyer's concerns while recognizing the value of the data product. Let's work towards closing this deal.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 15650. I believe this price maintains a fair balance between the value of the data product and the concerns we previously discussed regarding data quality and history. Let's find a resolution that works for both sides.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 15680. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the value of the data product and the concerns raised about data quality. It allows us to move closer to an agreement while considering the buyer's interests.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 15650. I believe this price maintains a fair balance while addressing the concerns about data quality, and it brings us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 15670. This price reflects a solid compromise, recognizing the buyer's consistent interest while still addressing my concerns about data quality and ensuring we move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 15650. This price maintains my commitment to reaching a fair agreement while reflecting my ongoing concerns about data quality. I'm confident this offer balances our interests and can lead us closer to finalizing this deal.