Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'While several traits are NULL, the product has enough capacity which suggests it can handle a reasonable amount of data or user demand. This indicates some level of functionality and potential usefulness, which can still hold value. However, the lack of information on performance improvement, data entropy, life, and market limits confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates it can enhance performance effectively. The capacity is adequate, and with a long data life, it suggests sustainable value over time. However, the high data entropy may imply complexity or challenges in data management. The market demand is moderate at 0.4, which suggests a reasonable level of interest. Overall, while there are some uncertainties due to the high data entropy and lack of historical data, the positive aspects outweigh them.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1725.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, highlighting the product's effective enhancement capability. Additionally, the long data life suggests sustainable value, making it a compelling investment despite the complexities presented by high data entropy.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. While I acknowledge the seller's claims regarding the performance improvement and data life, I believe that the complexities of high data entropy and the lack of comprehensive performance metrics warrant a more conservative price.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. The significant performance improvements and long data life presented by the buyer are intriguing, but I still need to ensure that the data quality and metrics align with my expectations. This offer reflects a more favorable position while still acknowledging the buyer's interest.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price strikes a solid balance between recognizing the seller's concerns about data quality and metrics while still reflecting the value of the performance improvements and long data life that I can bring to the table. This offer also demonstrates my willingness to engage further and find common ground.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects the value of the performance improvements and data longevity, while still being mindful of the concerns regarding data quality and metrics.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price appropriately balances the valuable performance improvements and data longevity while also addressing the seller's concerns about data quality and metrics. It demonstrates my commitment to finding a fair deal that acknowledges both parties' perspectives.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1650. The performance improvements and data longevity are impressive, but I still have reservations regarding the data quality metrics. This price reflects a fair assessment of the value while addressing those concerns.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1700. The significant performance improvements and data longevity justify a higher valuation, and I am willing to meet in the middle to address the seller's concerns about data quality metrics. This price strikes a balance between the value offered and the reservations mentioned.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects the enhanced value of the data product, considering the substantial performance improvements and long data life it offers, while also addressing the buyer's concerns about data quality metrics.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the value of the data product and the concerns about data quality metrics. It reflects my appreciation for the seller's insights on performance improvements and long data life while remaining competitive in our negotiations.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1725. I believe this price reflects the significant value of the data product, considering its performance improvements and long data life, while still being competitive and acknowledging the buyer's concerns.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, acknowledging the seller's insights on the value of the data product while still being competitive within our previous discussions. It reflects my ongoing commitment to negotiate a reasonable deal that recognizes both performance improvements and the need for assurance on data quality.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the enhanced value of the data product due to its impressive performance improvements and long data life, while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns regarding data quality.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1725. This price reflects my recognition of the enhanced value of the data product due to its impressive performance improvements and long data life, while still addressing the concerns regarding data quality. I believe this is a fair compromise that respects both parties' perspectives.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1750. Given the consistent interest and value the data product provides, I believe this price reflects its enhanced performance and longevity. It also keeps the negotiation moving forward while remaining competitive.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price strikes a balanced compromise that acknowledges the seller's perspective on the data product's value while still being mindful of my budget constraints. It reflects my continued interest in acquiring the product without overextending my resources.