Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': "While there are several NULL traits that limit the confidence in assessing the product's overall value, the market score of 0.4 suggests there is some demand. Given that the capacity is deemed sufficient, the product may still provide value in specific contexts, justifying a moderate price.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a reasonable enhancement in performance, which can be valuable in competitive markets. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle demand without issues. A high data entropy implies that the data is diverse and can provide insights across various domains, which is attractive for users. A long data life indicates the product\'s relevance and usability over time. However, the NULL history trait suggests limited empirical evidence of past performance, which could impact buyer confidence. Overall, the combination of valuable traits leads to a moderate to high valuation, but the NULL history lowers confidence slightly.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant value of the data product, characterized by a 0.25 Model Performance Improvement, ample capacity to meet demand, and high data entropy that ensures diverse insights across various domains. The long data life further enhances its appeal, making it a worthwhile investment for any competitive market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. While I acknowledge the potential of the data product, the offered price of 18000 is substantially higher than my budget and my valuation of the data's overall worth. Given the significant concerns regarding NULL traits and the low market score, I believe a much lower entry point is reasonable for further discussions.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. This price reflects the exceptional quality and performance of the data product, while still being more accessible than my initial offer. I believe this is a fair compromise that highlights the product's value.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I believe this price reflects a more reasonable assessment of the product's value while still acknowledging the seller's perspective on its quality. I am committed to finding a fair compromise that benefits both parties.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects the exceptional quality and performance of the data product while being a reasonable step closer to a fair compromise.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price still reflects the value of the data product while allowing for a reasonable negotiation space between our offers.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14500. The data product's exceptional quality and market potential justify this price, and it aligns closely with the buyer's last offer, making it a reasonable point for negotiation.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects the quality and potential of the data product while still being a fair compromise based on our previous discussions. It shows my willingness to negotiate further while recognizing the seller's position.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the exceptional quality and performance of the data product while remaining competitive in our negotiations. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of what is being offered.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14400. This price reflects my ongoing appreciation for the exceptional quality of the data product while remaining realistic in our negotiations. I believe this is a reasonable proposal that acknowledges the value while still aiming for a fair compromise.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the exceptional quality and market potential of the data product while remaining competitive in our negotiations. Let's find a resolution that works for both of us.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price continues to reflect the exceptional quality and potential of the data product, while also showing my willingness to negotiate fairly. Let's reach an agreement that satisfies both parties.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14500. This reflects the exceptional quality and market potential of the data product, while also accommodating the buyer's willingness to negotiate. Let¡¯s work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while acknowledging the quality and market potential of the data product. I'm keen to reach an agreement that benefits both parties, and I hope we can finalize this soon.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the exceptional quality and market potential of the data product while also being a fair compromise considering the buyer's previous offer. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14400. This price reflects my ongoing commitment to finding a fair and reasonable agreement while acknowledging the seller's consistent value proposition. Let's aim to reach a productive conclusion in this negotiation.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the exceptional quality and market potential of the data product while remaining competitive and fair for both parties. Let's move towards a resolution.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation of the data product while acknowledging its quality and market potential. It¡¯s a reasonable compromise as we move closer to a resolution.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the exceptional quality and market potential of the data product while still being reasonable for negotiation. Let's finalize this deal.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 14400. This price reflects my continued commitment to recognizing the exceptional quality and market potential of the data product while allowing for a fair negotiation. Let's aim to finalize this deal.