Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a long data life and sufficient capacity, which suggests it can be utilized effectively over time, providing ongoing value. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement, data entropy, history, and market limits the ability to fully assess its potential impact and desirability in the market.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': "The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can enhance existing systems effectively. The high data entropy suggests a rich and diverse dataset, which is valuable for various applications. Additionally, a long data life implies that the data will remain relevant for an extended period. However, the market score of 0.4 suggests that while there is some demand, it may not be overwhelming. The lack of historical data is a drawback, reducing confidence in the product's proven track record.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2025.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, demonstrating the product's capability to enhance existing systems effectively. The dataset's rich diversity and long data life further justify this premium, despite the market score of 0.4 suggesting moderate demand.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2000. While I acknowledge the Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 and the dataset's diversity, I believe that the moderate market demand indicated by the score of 0.4 warrants a more competitive price. The value of the product, while promising, requires further validation in its practical application, leading me to propose a price that reflects this uncertainty.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2400. The quality of the data and the model performance improvement still stand strong, and I believe this price reflects the value while considering the buyer's perspective on market demand and validation needs.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2300. I believe this price balances the quality of the data and the model performance improvement while considering the current market demand and my need for further validation. It's a fair offer that reflects the value we both see in this data product.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2350. The data product I¡¯m selling has demonstrated impressive performance and quality, and I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the current market dynamics and the buyer's previous offer.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2250. I believe this price reflects the strong data quality and performance while still being a reasonable compromise considering the seller's last offer.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2300. I believe this price reflects the high quality of the dataset and its strong model performance, while also considering the moderate market demand we've been discussing.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2200. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the dataset's quality and the ongoing discussions about market demand. I'm confident that this offer aligns with the value we both see in the data while allowing us to move closer to a deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2250. This price reflects the high quality of the dataset and the strong model performance while considering the current market demand. It's a fair compromise that recognizes the value of the data, and I believe it's a reasonable offer for both parties to move forward.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2200. This price acknowledges the seller's emphasis on high-quality data and strong model performance while aligning with the moderate market demand we have discussed. It reflects a reasonable compromise that allows us to progress in this negotiation.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2220. This price reflects the high quality of the dataset and the strong model performance while also considering the moderate market demand we've discussed. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the value of the data and the buyer's concerns.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2100. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the quality of the dataset and being mindful of the market demand we've discussed. It reflects my willingness to negotiate while still prioritizing the value of the data.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2200. This price reflects the high quality of the dataset and its solid model performance while also considering the moderate market demand we've discussed. I'm confident this is a fair compromise for both parties.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2100. I believe this price reflects a reasonable balance between the dataset's high quality and the current market conditions we've discussed. It demonstrates my commitment to reaching a satisfactory agreement while acknowledging the value of the data.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2150. This price reflects the high quality of the dataset and its solid model performance while also considering the moderate market demand we've discussed. It strikes a fair compromise that could lead us closer to a deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2050. This price reflects my recognition of the dataset's high quality and solid model performance while also taking into account the ongoing moderate market demand. It represents a reasonable compromise that can help us move closer to finalizing this deal.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 2100. This price reflects the high quality of the dataset and the consistent model performance we've discussed, while also considering the current market conditions and the buyer's previous offers. Let's find a fair compromise that acknowledges the dataset's value.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 2000. This price considers the dataset's quality and market demand while allowing for a reasonable negotiation space. I believe this represents a fair balance as we approach the final rounds of this deal.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 2050. I believe this price strikes a balance between the dataset's high quality and the current market demand, which has shown a tendency towards lower offers. This offers a fair compromise while recognizing the dataset's value.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the current market demand and acknowledges the quality of the dataset, while also allowing room for negotiation in our final round.