Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and high data entropy, which indicates that it can potentially offer valuable insights or support complex analyses. However, the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement, Data Life, History, and Market limits the overall valuation. Given these factors, a moderate price is justified.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates it can enhance existing systems effectively. The capacity being "enough" suggests it can handle the required data load, while a long data life implies durability and sustainability of the product. However, the high data entropy might indicate complexity, which can be a double-edged sword in terms of usability. The market score of 0.4 indicates a moderate demand, which can support a reasonable price. Overall, despite the lack of historical data, the other traits suggest a solid value for users looking to improve their data-driven processes.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:7025.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 8000. This price reflects the significant model performance improvement and the product's capacity to handle the required data load effectively. Its durability and sustainability make it a valuable asset for users looking to enhance their data-driven processes.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. The product has potential, but the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement, Data Life, History, and Market limits its overall valuation. Given these concerns, a more moderate price is justified.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 7500. I believe this price reflects the significant model performance improvements and durability of the product while also being a fair compromise considering the buyer's concerns about valuation.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 7200. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's valuation of the product's performance and durability while still addressing my concerns about its overall worth. It reflects my willingness to negotiate while remaining prudent about my investment.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 7400. The improvements in model performance and durability justify a competitive price, and I believe this offer reflects the value of the product while remaining reasonable for negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 7300. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's expectations and my assessment of the product's value, considering the performance improvements and durability mentioned. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 7350. This price reflects the notable performance enhancements and reliability of the product while also acknowledging the buyer's previous offer of 7300. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 7250. This price reflects my continued interest in reaching a fair agreement while considering the enhancements mentioned by the seller. It acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still being mindful of my budget constraints. Let's find common ground to finalize this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 7300. This price reflects the ongoing improvements in model performance and durability while aiming for a balanced agreement that acknowledges both the product's value and the buyer's budget considerations.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 7200. I believe this price fairly acknowledges the improvements in model performance and durability while still considering my budget constraints. Let's work towards closing this deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 7250. This price reflects the ongoing improvements in the product's performance and durability while remaining competitive in our negotiations. I believe this is a fair offer that acknowledges the enhancements we've discussed.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 7150. I believe this price acknowledges the product's enhancements while still allowing me to maintain a prudent budget. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 7200. This price reflects the ongoing improvements in performance and durability that make the product a valuable investment, while also being competitive in the current negotiation context.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 7100. This price reflects my commitment to finding a balance between the value of the product and my budget constraints, while still acknowledging the improvements in performance and durability that have been highlighted throughout our discussions.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 7150. This price reflects the ongoing improvements in model performance and durability, while still being mindful of the buyer's budget considerations. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges the product's value and the buyer's constraints.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 7050. This price considers the seller's latest offer while still reflecting my budgetary constraints and the value I perceive in the product. I believe this is a fair step towards finding a mutually agreeable price.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 7100. This price reflects the ongoing improvements in the product's performance and durability, while also considering the buyer's recent offers. I believe this is a fair valuation that balances both parties' interests.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 7000. The seller's price of 7100 is close to my last offer, and I believe that 7000 is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the improvements in the product while still respecting my budgetary constraints. Let's find a middle ground that works for both of us.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 7050. Given the consistent dialogue around the value of the product and the improvements made, this price reflects a fair compromise while still acknowledging the enhancements in performance and durability. Let's finalize this deal.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 7000. This price reflects my ongoing consideration of the product's enhancements while still aiming for a reasonable agreement that aligns with my budget. Let's move closer to finalizing this deal.