Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': 'The product has a medium data life and sufficient capacity, indicating it can serve a purpose in the market despite the NULL traits. The market demand is moderate (0.5), which suggests a potential for some sales, but the lack of information regarding model performance and data entropy limits the perceived value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2, indicating a reasonable enhancement in performance which can attract users. The capacity is deemed sufficient, suggesting that it can handle expected workloads. Low data entropy implies that the data is more structured and reliable, which is typically appealing for data-driven applications. A medium data life indicates that the data remains relevant for a decent period, making it useful for ongoing analysis. However, the market score of 0.5 suggests only moderate demand, which slightly limits the price potential. Overall, these factors combined suggest a competitive yet cautious pricing strategy.', 'confidence': 'moderate'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant value of the product, given its Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 and structured data reliability, which makes it highly appealing for data-driven applications. The product's sufficient capacity and medium data life further enhance its attractiveness, justifying this premium price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. Given the medium data life and moderate market demand, the current offer of 18000 appears excessively high, especially considering the lack of information on model performance and data entropy. I believe my offer reflects a fair starting point for negotiation based on the perceived value of the product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. The product's value reflects its premium performance and reliability, which I believe justifies a significant investment. This adjustment considers the buyer's perspective while still maintaining the quality and features that make it a worthwhile acquisition.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14000. The price reflects my understanding of the product's medium data life and the need for a more balanced investment considering the information provided about its performance. While I acknowledge its value, I believe this adjusted offer is more aligned with my budgetary constraints.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. This reflects a slight adjustment to find common ground while still acknowledging the quality and performance of the product. Let's move closer to a deal that benefits us both.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the product's perceived value and my budget constraints while still acknowledging its quality and potential. Let's work together towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects the quality and performance of the product while also being reasonable given the previous discussions. Let's find common ground and move forward.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price is a fair compromise that acknowledges the quality and performance of the product, while still aligning with my budget constraints. Let's work towards closing this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14450. The product's quality and reliability are important factors, and I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the buyer's budget while still valuing the product's worth.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price is a reasonable reflection of the product's quality while still being mindful of my budget constraints. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the product without going beyond my limits.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14450. This price reflects the product's excellent quality and reliability while also acknowledging the buyer's previous offers. It's a fair compromise that aims to move closer to a successful agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's commitment to quality while still reflecting my budget constraints. It's a reasonable step towards closing the deal and allows us to move forward.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14450. This reflects the product's exceptional quality and reliability while still considering the buyer's previous offers. I believe this price strikes a balance between value and affordability for both parties.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14350. I believe this price reflects my recognition of the product's quality while also considering my budget constraints. It's a fair adjustment that aims to bring us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14400. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the product's quality and reliability, while also acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14300. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise while still acknowledging the value of the product. It allows us to move towards a mutually beneficial agreement without straying too far from my budget constraints.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 14450. The product is of high quality and reliability, and I believe this price represents a fair value that reflects its exceptional performance.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 14300. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's quality and reliability while remaining within my budget constraints. Let's work towards a deal that benefits both of us.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 14400. I believe this is a fair price that reflects the quality and reliability of the product while also accommodating the buyer's budget considerations. Let's reach an agreement that benefits us both.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 14300. I believe this price reflects the ongoing negotiations and acknowledges the product's quality while remaining within my budget constraints. Let's move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.