Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': "The product has sufficient capacity and a long data life, which indicates it can provide value over time. However, the high data entropy suggests that the data may be complex or less structured, which could affect its usability. The market score of 0.4 indicates a moderate level of demand, which also influences the pricing. The lack of information on model performance improvement and history limits confidence in the product's effectiveness and stability, leading to a cautious valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product demonstrates a notable Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which indicates a positive impact on performance metrics. The capacity is adequate, ensuring that it can handle relevant data processing needs. A long data life suggests that the data product will remain valuable for an extended period. However, the market factor of 0.4 indicates moderate demand, which tempers the overall valuation. The high data entropy suggests complex data, which can be valuable but also harder to manage. The absence of historical data limits confidence but not significantly enough to detract from the product¡¯s potential value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1705.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the exceptional Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 along with the product's adequate capacity and long data life, which enhances its overall value. The complexities of the high data entropy add to its uniqueness, making it a compelling choice for buyers looking for quality data solutions.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. While the seller highlights the model performance improvement and the product's capacity, the high data entropy raises concerns about usability. Given the moderate market demand and the uncertainties surrounding model performance, I believe this price better reflects the product's potential value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. The exceptional model performance improvement is indeed valuable, but I still have concerns about usability and market demand. This price reflects a fair compromise between our positions.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. The exceptional model performance improvement you mentioned holds significant value, and while I acknowledge your concerns about usability and market demand, I believe that a slightly higher price reflects the worth of this data product and our ongoing negotiations. Let's find a middle ground that recognizes the quality while addressing your valid concerns.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects the exceptional performance improvements of the model while addressing previous concerns about usability and market demand. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the data product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price strikes a balance by recognizing the value of the model's performance improvements while also addressing the ongoing concerns about usability and market demand. It's a reasonable step toward reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects the exceptional model performance improvements and addresses the concerns about usability and market demand effectively. It represents a fair compromise that acknowledges the value while still being reasonable for the buyer.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between the exceptional model performance improvements highlighted by the seller and my concerns about usability and market demand. It acknowledges the value of the product while still being a fair offer for both parties.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1725. This price reflects a fair balance between the exceptional value of the model's performance improvements and the buyer's concerns about usability and market demand. It stands as a reasonable compromise while still recognizing the quality of the product.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price maintains a balance between acknowledging the seller's recognition of the model's performance improvements while still addressing my concerns about usability and market demand. It reflects my commitment to finding a reasonable compromise.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1710. This price reflects a reasonable adjustment, considering the previous offers and the ongoing dialogue about usability and market demand. My position is anchored in the exceptional performance improvements of the model, balanced with the need for a fair transaction.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price reflects my continued commitment to finding a balanced agreement while considering the exceptional model performance improvements and the concerns we have discussed about usability and market demand. I believe this offer maintains a fair compromise for both parties.