Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in effectiveness, which can be appealing in certain applications. Additionally, a market score of 0.4 suggests a reasonable demand for the product, though the lack of detailed information on data entropy, life, and history introduces uncertainty. Given these factors, the expected price reflects potential value while accounting for the risks associated with the missing traits.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.25 indicates a decent enhancement in performance, which can be attractive in competitive markets. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle typical use cases effectively. The high data entropy indicates a diverse and potentially rich dataset, which is valuable for machine learning and analytics. The long data life adds to the product\'s longevity and relevance. However, the market score of 0.4 is relatively low, indicating limited demand. The lack of historical data (NULL) is a concern, but the other traits provide a foundation for a reasonable value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1610.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the high data entropy and the significant performance improvement of 0.25, which indicates a robust enhancement in capabilities, making this data product particularly valuable in competitive markets.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. While the seller emphasizes high data entropy and performance improvement, I believe the initial offer does not adequately reflect the overall market demand and potential risks associated with missing information on data traits. My offer takes into account these factors and aims for a more reasonable valuation given the uncertainties.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the high data entropy and the performance improvements you mentioned, while also addressing the market demand and ensuring a fair exchange. Let's move forward with this competitive offer.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price takes into account the seller's recent offer of 1700 while still reflecting my need for a more favorable deal. I believe this is a reasonable step towards finding common ground. Let's continue our negotiation with this offer.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects a balanced approach considering the high data entropy and the demonstrated performance improvement, while also recognizing the market demand and associated risks. Let's move closer to a fair agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price takes into account the competitive market demand while also reflecting my willingness to reach a fair agreement without overextending. Let's finalize this deal and move forward effectively.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects the competitive conditions in the market while also considering the value of the data product. It provides a fair compromise that acknowledges the buyer's interest and the quality I am offering.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the value of the data product and the competitive market conditions. It reflects my continued interest in securing a beneficial deal while acknowledging the seller's position.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1620. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the competitive market conditions and the value of the data product while also considering the buyer's previous offers.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between the seller's current valuation and my previous offers, ensuring we both recognize the market dynamics while still aiming for a beneficial deal.