Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 suggests a decent enhancement in performance, which can be attractive in competitive markets. The "enough" capacity indicates that the product can handle demand, and a long data life is a positive trait that adds to its sustainability. However, the lack of data entropy and history makes it difficult to fully assess the product\'s robustness. Given the market score of 0.4, which indicates moderate demand, a price of 1500 seems reasonable, balancing the strengths and weaknesses of the available traits.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can enhance existing models effectively. The capacity is deemed sufficient, and the data life is long, suggesting sustainable relevance and usability over time. However, the high data entropy may imply complexity in handling the data, which could deter some users. The market value of 0.4 indicates a moderate demand, but with the lack of historical data, there is some uncertainty. Overall, considering these factors, the valuation remains strong but carries some risk due to the NULL traits.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the exceptional Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which significantly enhances existing models. The data's long life ensures sustained relevance, making it a valuable investment despite the complexities involved.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. While the Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 is notable, the high initial price of 6000 does not align with the moderate market demand and uncertainties regarding data robustness. My offer reflects a more reasonable valuation considering these factors.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. This reflects a reduction while still highlighting the significant long-term value of the model. I believe this price strikes a balance between the high-quality data provided and the market conditions mentioned.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5400. This price reflects a reasonable compromise, considering the long-term value that the model may offer while still accounting for the current market conditions and uncertainties surrounding the data. I believe this offer is fair and aligns more closely with my perspective on the deal.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the model's significant long-term value and the current moderate market demand, balancing both parties' perspectives while still aiming for a fair deal.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price is a reasonable reflection of the current market conditions and the model's value, while also acknowledging the seller's perspective. This offer allows us to move closer to a deal and demonstrates my commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects the model's long-term value while considering current market conditions, and it presents a fair opportunity for both parties to move forward.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's valuation and my objective to secure the model at a price that reflects current market conditions. This offer maintains my position while still being reasonable for both parties to consider.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5400. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the model's long-term value and the current market conditions. I believe this amount is fair and reasonable for both parties, and I am open to concluding the deal at this price.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price still reflects the model's value while acknowledging the market conditions we've discussed. It's a reasonable step towards closing the deal and I am hopeful we can reach an agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects the model's long-term value while remaining reasonable given the current market conditions. It's a solid offer that balances both our interests and paves the way for a potential agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation considering the current market conditions while still acknowledging the model's potential long-term value. This offer aims to bridge our positions and move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5400. This price reflects the model's long-term value while acknowledging the buyer's previous offer, aiming for a fair compromise that aligns with market conditions. Let's move towards a resolution.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5300. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while maintaining my position on the model's value given the current market conditions. I believe this is a reasonable step towards reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5300. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing discussions and the model's long-term value, while still acknowledging the buyer's position.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5200. I believe this price strikes a balanced compromise, taking into account the seller's latest offer while still reflecting my perspective on the model¡¯s value in the current market context.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5200. This reflects my willingness to find a middle ground while still recognizing the value of the model. I believe this price aligns well with the current market expectations and provides a fair opportunity for both parties.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5100. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation, taking into account the current market conditions while still recognizing the value of the model. This offer seeks to create a balanced compromise, encouraging us to reach an agreement swiftly in these final rounds.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5100. I believe this price reflects a balanced valuation of the model considering the current market conditions and our ongoing negotiations. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges both the model's long-term value and the buyer's position.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5000. I believe this price reflects a reasonable valuation of the model, considering both the seller's position and the current market conditions. It's a strategic move that acknowledges the ongoing negotiations while aiming for a fair deal.