Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The model performance improvement of 0.25 indicates a significant enhancement over existing models, which is valuable in competitive markets. However, the high data entropy suggests complexity and potential challenges in utilizing the data effectively. The lack of information regarding data life, history, and market limits overall confidence in the product's sustainability and demand. Therefore, while the performance aspect adds value, the unknown factors reduce overall confidence in the valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The model shows a significant performance improvement (MPI of 0.25) which indicates effectiveness in enhancing outcomes. The capacity is sufficient, and the data life is long, suggesting sustained usability. However, the high data entropy suggests complexity and potentially higher costs in usability or interpretability. The market score of 0.4 indicates moderate demand, which keeps the price reasonable. The NULL history may lower confidence slightly, but the other traits still support a solid valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant performance improvement of the model, indicated by an MPI of 0.25, and the data's substantial usability and longevity. While there are complexities due to high data entropy, the overall value remains strong, justifying a higher asking price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. While the model's performance improvement is notable, the high data entropy and lack of information regarding data life and market sustainability significantly impact my confidence in the product's value. Therefore, I'm starting low to reflect these uncertainties.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. The data product provides substantial performance improvements and strong overall value, which justifies a competitive price.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I believe this reflects a fair compromise considering the substantial performance improvements and value, while still addressing my concerns regarding data sustainability and uncertainties in product value.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the substantial performance improvements of the data product and the buyer's concerns regarding sustainability and value uncertainties. It's a competitive offer that acknowledges the buyer's feedback while maintaining the product's worth.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's valuation of the product's performance improvements and my ongoing concerns about sustainability and value uncertainties. This offer demonstrates my commitment to finding a mutually beneficial agreement while still reflecting the cautious approach I need to maintain.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14550. This price reflects a slight increase that takes into account the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's concerns while still emphasizing the significant value and improvements of the data product.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14450. I believe this price maintains a reasonable distance from your last offer, while still reflecting my ongoing concerns about the sustainability and overall value of the data product. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14580. I believe this price reflects the significant value of the data product while also addressing the buyer's concerns about sustainability. It represents a fair middle ground that acknowledges the previous offers and the strong performance improvements of the product.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14480. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that still reflects my concerns about sustainability and the uncertainties surrounding the product's value. It allows us to move closer to an agreement while respecting the significant performance improvements noted by the seller.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14590. This price reflects a slight increase in recognition of the value of the data product while still considering the ongoing concerns about sustainability and performance improvements. I believe this is a fair and reasonable price that will help us move closer to a mutual agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14490. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the seller's recent offer while still addressing my ongoing concerns about sustainability and the overall product value. This price keeps us in a reasonable negotiation range and maintains progress toward a mutual agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14580. This price reflects the significant value of the data product while acknowledging the buyer's concerns regarding sustainability and performance improvements. I believe this is a fair and competitive offer that keeps the negotiations moving forward.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14480. I believe this price maintains a balance between the product's perceived value and my ongoing concerns regarding sustainability and performance. It also reflects my commitment to reaching an agreement while staying within a reasonable range of the seller's latest offer.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14590. This price reflects the excellent value of the data product, considering its significant performance improvements and addressing the buyer's ongoing concerns about sustainability. I believe this is a fair and reasonable offer that maintains the momentum of our negotiations.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14490. This price reflects my ongoing commitment to reach a fair agreement while considering the value of the data product and my concerns about sustainability. I believe this offer balances the interests of both parties and keeps the negotiation moving forward.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 14570. This reflects my willingness to find common ground while still emphasizing the valuable performance improvements of the data product. I believe this price considers both the product's worth and the ongoing negotiations.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 14470. This price reflects my continued concerns about the sustainability and overall value of the data product while still acknowledging the seller's efforts to find common ground. It's a reasonable offer that aims to bridge the gap between our positions as we move closer to a potential agreement.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 14560. I believe this price reflects the data product's significant value while still addressing the buyer's concerns about sustainability. This offer aims to strike a balance and facilitate a successful conclusion to our negotiations.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 14460. I believe this price is a fair compromise that addresses both the product's value and my ongoing concerns regarding sustainability. It's crucial to find a mutually beneficial agreement in these final negotiations.