Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.25 indicates a significant enhancement in performance, which is attractive to potential users. The long data life suggests that the data product can remain relevant over time. However, the high data entropy might imply complexity in data handling. The lack of specific market and history information makes it challenging to gauge the full potential demand, but the overall positive traits suggest a reasonable valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can enhance existing models effectively, which is attractive in a competitive market. The capacity is sufficient, and while the data entropy is high (suggesting variability and complexity), the long data life implies that the product can remain relevant over time. However, the market score of 0.4 indicates moderate demand, which slightly tempers the overall valuation. The lack of historical data means there is some uncertainty, but the other traits suggest a reasonably strong value proposition.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:16575.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This data product demonstrates a significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, making it a highly sought-after asset in a competitive market. The product's capacity is robust, and despite the high data entropy, its long data life ensures relevance over time, making it a valuable investment.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 14000. The data product has valuable attributes, but the high data entropy raises concerns about complexity in handling. Starting with a lower price reflects my cautious approach while still recognizing the model performance improvement and long data life. Let's find a fair deal here.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 17000. I believe this price reflects the significant value of the data product, considering its impressive model performance improvement and long data life, while also being more approachable for the buyer.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 16000. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between recognizing the data product's value and addressing my budget constraints. While I appreciate the seller's acknowledgment of the product's impressive features, my offer reflects my need for a more reasonable investment.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 16500. I believe this price reflects the significant model performance improvement and long data life, while also being a reasonable adjustment considering the buyer's last offer of 16000. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges the value of this exceptional data product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 16400. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still respecting my budget constraints. It reflects my recognition of the product's valuable improvements and long data life, aiming for a viable compromise between our positions.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 16600. This price reflects the premium quality and significant model performance improvements of the data product, while still remaining competitive and appealing to your budget considerations. Let's move forward towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 16500. I believe this price strikes a balance between the value of the premium data product and our budget constraints. It's a fair offer that acknowledges the quality and improvements while still being competitive. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 16650. This price reflects the high-quality performance and long data life of the product while considering the buyer's last offer of 16500. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the product while remaining within reasonable limits for negotiation.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 16550. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the product's undeniable value and my budget constraints, while also reflecting my continued interest in reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 16600. This reflects a slight adjustment while still emphasizing the substantial value and performance improvements of the data product, ensuring that we're close to a fair agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 16500. This reflects my recognition of the product's value and the ongoing negotiation process. While I appreciate the seller's position, I believe my offer remains competitive and fair given the previous discussions.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 16650. This price reflects the high quality and significant performance improvements of the data product while also acknowledging the competitive nature of our negotiation. It's a fair deal for both parties considering the value of the product.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 16500. This price strikes a fair balance between the value of the data product and my budget constraints. While I appreciate the seller's acknowledgment of the product's quality, I believe that my offer reflects a reasonable compromise as we move toward a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 16600. This price reflects the premium quality and significant model performance improvements of the data product, while also acknowledging the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's budget considerations.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 16500. I believe this price strikes a fair balance considering the premium quality and significant model performance improvements of the data product, while still respecting my budget constraints. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 16650. This price reflects the premium quality and significant model performance improvements of the data product while recognizing the competitive nature of our negotiations. Let's find common ground and move forward.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 16550. This price reflects my recognition of the premium quality and performance improvements of the data product while still being mindful of my budget constraints. I believe this offer allows us to find common ground and move forward in our negotiations.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 16600. This price reflects the premium quality and significant model performance improvements of the data product, while also considering the buyer's previous offer of 16550. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the product's value and budget considerations.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 16550. This price acknowledges the seller's offer while still reflecting my budget constraints. I believe it's a reasonable compromise considering the high-quality data product being discussed.