Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_entrophy': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a substantial enhancement in model performance, which can be valuable for businesses looking to improve their analytics or AI capabilities. However, the absence of several other traits (capacity, data entropy, data life, history, market) limits the overall assessment of the product's full potential and market fit. Thus, while the MPI is promising, the lack of comprehensive data means the valuation must be conservative.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in model performance, which can be valuable in competitive markets. However, the lack of data on capacity, entropy, and history, combined with a short data life, raises concerns about the product's long-term viability. The market size of 0.4 suggests some demand, but overall uncertainty from missing traits limits confidence in the valuation.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Deal Price:2400.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2000. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in model performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, which can provide significant value in a competitive landscape. Despite some uncertainties regarding data long-term viability, I believe this price captures the potential worth of the product effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2500. This price reflects my appreciation for the model's performance enhancement, but it still considers the uncertainties regarding the product's long-term viability and the lack of comprehensive data. I believe this offer strikes a balance between potential value and inherent risks.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2400. I believe this price reflects a fair balance, acknowledging the model's moderate performance improvements while also considering the potential risks involved. This way, we can move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2300. This price reflects my belief in the model's moderate performance improvements while still recognizing the uncertainties surrounding data viability. It strikes a balance between our previous discussions and aims to facilitate a swift resolution to our negotiations.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2450. I believe this price strikes a strong balance between the moderate performance improvements and the risks involved, while still being an attractive proposition for both parties to move forward.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2400. This price reflects a solid understanding of the moderate performance improvements while still taking into account the potential risks associated with the data product. It positions us for a fair and swift conclusion to our negotiations.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2400. I believe this price reflects a fair evaluation of the model's moderate performance improvements while still acknowledging the inherent risks involved. It's a balanced approach that could facilitate a swift resolution in our negotiations.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2450. I believe this price represents a strong compromise that acknowledges the moderate performance improvements while also addressing the potential risks involved. This balanced approach can pave the way for a swift resolution in our negotiations.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2400. This price reflects a fair balance between the moderate performance improvements we've discussed and the inherent risks involved. It aligns with the recent offers and keeps the negotiations moving forward efficiently.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2450. This price reflects an appreciation of the moderate performance improvements while balancing the associated risks, and it aligns with the recent offers to facilitate a swift resolution in our negotiations.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2400. This price reflects a reasonable balance between the moderate performance improvements of the model and the associated risks that have been highlighted in previous discussions. I believe it is a fair offer that can facilitate a swift resolution in our negotiations.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2450. This price reflects a reasonable acknowledgment of the model's moderate performance improvements while still considering the inherent risks discussed previously. I believe this offer strikes a fair balance and can lead us toward a swift resolution.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2400. This price reflects a fair assessment of the model's moderate performance improvements while considering the inherent risks involved. It aligns with the recent offers, facilitating a prompt resolution in our negotiations.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2400. This price maintains a fair assessment of the model's moderate performance improvements while adequately considering the associated risks. It aligns with the market sentiment we've seen in recent offers and aims for a swift resolution in our negotiations.