Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity and a long data life, which are valuable traits. However, the NULL values for Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, and History indicate a lack of critical information that could enhance its valuation. The market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand, balancing out the uncertainty caused by the missing traits.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can enhance existing models effectively. Despite having high data entropy, which suggests complexity and potential challenges in handling the data, the product possesses a long data life, making it valuable for long-term use. The market score of 0.5 indicates a moderate demand, which supports a reasonable price. However, the absence of historical data limits the confidence level in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1975.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects the exceptional Model Performance Improvement of 0.25, which significantly enhances existing models. The long data life further adds to its value, despite the complexities indicated by high data entropy. This makes the product a strong investment for long-term use.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1800. While the product does have valuable traits like long data life and some model performance improvement, the absence of critical information and the moderate market score indicate that the price should be lower. I believe 1800 is a fair starting point given these considerations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2400. The product offers significant model performance improvements and a long data life, which adds substantial value to the offer. I believe this adjusted price reflects a fair compromise while still acknowledging the benefits that my product provides.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2300. The product's significant model performance improvements and long data life are indeed noteworthy, but I believe my offer reflects the current market conditions and the need for more critical information. This price is still a fair compromise while considering the value of the product.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2350. This price reflects the significant model performance improvements and long data life while considering the current market conditions. I believe this is a fair compromise.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2250. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's improvements while also reflecting my concerns about the overall value and market conditions.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2300. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the significant model performance improvements and long data life, while also addressing the buyer's concerns regarding market conditions. Let's move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2200. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my concerns about the overall value and market conditions. I believe this is a reasonable step towards finding common ground while considering the improvements mentioned.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2250. This price reflects a reasonable compromise given the buyer's previous offer of 2200 and acknowledges the significant model performance improvements and long data life of the product. It also considers the current market conditions while still aiming for a fair value exchange.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2150. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's reasonable compromise and my concerns regarding the overall value and market conditions. It reflects my willingness to negotiate while still being mindful of the product's benefits and the importance of fair value exchange.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2200. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the value of the product, which has significant performance improvements and a long data life, and the market conditions we¡¯ve discussed. Let's move forward with this reasonable offer.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2100. I believe this price reflects the continued value of the product while still acknowledging the market conditions we've discussed. It¡¯s a reasonable step forward that allows us to bridge the gap without compromising our respective positions too much. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2150. This price reflects the ongoing negotiation, balancing the product's significant performance improvements with current market conditions. I believe it represents a fair value for both parties at this stage in our discussions.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2050. This price represents a balanced approach, acknowledging the seller's improvements while also considering my concerns about overall value and current market conditions. I believe this is a fair step towards reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2100. This price reflects the significant improvements in model performance and the long data life, while also considering the current market conditions and the buyer's previous offers. Let's work towards a deal that acknowledges the value of this product.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the improvements in model performance and data longevity while also reflecting my ongoing concerns about overall value and market conditions. Let's work together to reach an agreement that benefits us both.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 2050. This price reflects the product's significant improvements and aligns with current market conditions while also considering the buyer's previous concerns. Let's work towards a fair agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 1950. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's product improvements while still considering my concerns about overall value and market dynamics. I'm aiming for a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' positions. Let's find a resolution.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 2000. This price reflects the notable improvements in the product along with its long data life, while also considering the current market conditions and the previous offers made. It strikes a balance that acknowledges the buyer's concerns while still valuing the product appropriately.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 1950. This price reflects my recognition of the improvements in the product while still considering my concerns about overall value and the current market conditions. I'm aiming for a balanced agreement that acknowledges the seller's position while protecting my interests.