Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity and high data entropy, which suggests it could provide valuable insights despite the lack of information on model performance improvement, data life, and history. High data entropy indicates variability and richness in the data, which can be beneficial for certain applications. However, due to the absence of critical traits and market information, the valuation is conservative.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': "The product demonstrates a significant model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can enhance existing systems effectively. The capacity is sufficient, and the data life is long, suggesting reliability and lasting value. However, the high data entropy may indicate complexity in the data, which could limit usability. The market demand is moderate at 0.5, which is a positive sign but not strong enough to drive a higher price. The absence of historical performance data ('NULL') does reduce confidence in the valuation, but overall, the positive traits provide a solid basis for a reasonable price.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant model performance improvement of 0.25 that our data product provides, along with its long-lasting reliability and capacity. While the complexity indicated by high data entropy may pose some usability challenges, the overall value and potential benefits to existing systems justify this premium price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. While I recognize the potential value of the data product, the substantial initial price of 18000 is far beyond my budget. My offer reflects the need for a more conservative approach given the lack of critical information regarding model performance improvement and data life.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. This price reflects the high value and reliability of the data product, while also considering the budget constraints mentioned by the buyer. I believe this is a fair compromise that highlights the product's worth without straying too far from the buyer's financial limitations.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14500. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the value of the data product while still considering my budget constraints. It's a reasonable step towards a mutual agreement without undervaluing the offering.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14550. This price reflects my consideration of the buyer's last offer while still recognizing the significant value and performance of the product. It¡¯s a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's worth while remaining within a reasonable range for the buyer.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14450. I believe this price continues to demonstrate my commitment to reaching a fair compromise while still acknowledging the value of the product. It's a strategic offer that aims to keep the negotiation moving forward.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the product's exceptional value and performance while acknowledging the buyer's previous offer, creating a fair opportunity for both parties to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price not only reflects the product's admirable qualities but also demonstrates my willingness to negotiate further towards a fair agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14520. The product's exceptional quality and reliability justify a slightly higher price while still remaining competitive. This price reflects the value of what I am providing and encourages a swift agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects the product's value while remaining competitive. It also shows my willingness to engage in a constructive negotiation, keeping in mind the previous offers and the budget constraints I have.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14550. This price reflects the exceptional value and quality of the product while still being reasonable for negotiation. Let's move forward towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14450. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the product's value while still considering my budget constraints. Let¡¯s work together to finalize this deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14540. This price reflects the exceptional quality and performance of the product while still being a reasonable compromise considering the buyer's previous offer of 14450. Let's work towards a fair agreement that recognizes the value of the product.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14440. This price reflects my continued appreciation of the product's quality while still being within my budget constraints. I'm eager to reach a fair agreement that acknowledges the product's value without exceeding my limits.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14530. This price reflects the quality and reliability of the product while still aiming for a compromise that acknowledges the buyer's budget constraints. Let's move forward with this negotiation.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14430. This price reflects my appreciation for the product's quality while still considering my budget constraints. I believe it¡¯s a reasonable compromise that keeps our negotiation moving forward.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 14420. This price reflects my commitment to finding a resolution while still valuing the exceptional quality and performance of the product. I believe this is a fair compromise for both parties, considering the ongoing negotiations.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 14320. This price reflects my ongoing commitment to reach a fair agreement while considering my budget constraints. I believe this is a reasonable offer that acknowledges the quality of the product while still allowing us to find common ground.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 14410. This price reflects my willingness to reach a fair agreement while maintaining the product's exceptional quality and value. Let's work towards a resolution that benefits both parties.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 14310. I believe this price reflects my continued commitment to achieving a fair agreement while acknowledging the quality of the product. I'm aiming for a mutually beneficial resolution that fits within my budget constraints. Let's finalize this deal effectively.