Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The product has a low data entropy and adequate capacity, indicating it can maintain quality and handle the required volume of data. However, the NULL traits suggest there are significant unknowns, particularly regarding model performance improvement and data life, which limits the product's overall potential. The market score of 0.5 reflects moderate demand, positioning the product in a mid-range pricing tier.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.2 suggests that the product can enhance performance significantly, which is valuable in data-driven industries. The capacity being "enough" indicates that it can handle the necessary data requirements, while a low data entropy implies that the data is clean and reliable, making it easier to derive insights. The medium data life suggests that the product may be relevant for a reasonable duration, although the lack of historical data (NULL) introduces some uncertainty. The market value of 0.5 indicates a moderate demand. Overall, while there are some limitations, the strengths of the product balance out the weaknesses, leading to a reasonable price point.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant value of our data product, particularly its impressive Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, clean and reliable data quality, and sufficient capacity to meet industry needs. Given the moderate market demand, I believe this price is justified for the unique strengths it brings to data-driven industries.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. The high initial price of 18000 does not align with the product's moderate market demand and the significant unknowns regarding its model performance improvement and data life. My offer reflects a more realistic valuation considering these factors.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. The value of my data product remains high due to its performance improvements and unique features, and I'm willing to adjust my price to find common ground in this negotiation.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I believe this price reflects a more balanced view of the market demand and the uncertainties about the product's performance, while still acknowledging the value that the seller perceives in their offering. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the value of the data product and the current market dynamics, while still considering the buyer's previous offer.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while still being a reasonable step down from my previous offer, considering the seller's latest proposal. It's a competitive offer that acknowledges the market dynamics we are facing.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects the value of the product while considering the buyer's recent offer, making it a fair and competitive proposition for both parties.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price continues to demonstrate my commitment to reaching a fair agreement while still considering the product's inherent value and market dynamics. This offer is just a slight adjustment from my previous one, reflecting my willingness to negotiate further.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14450. This price reflects a reasonable adjustment while still recognizing the significant value of the data product. I believe this figure strikes a balance between the buyer's concerns and the product's worth.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14350. I believe this price reflects my recognition of the product's value while also addressing my concerns about the ongoing market dynamics and uncertainties. This slight adjustment represents a fair compromise as we move forward in our negotiations.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14475. This price reflects a fair compromise while recognizing the product's inherent value and the ongoing negotiations. It positions us closer to an agreement without undervaluing the product.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14300. I believe this price maintains my position in the negotiation while acknowledging the seller's recent offer. It reflects my continued commitment to find a mutually beneficial agreement without exceeding the upper range of what I am willing to pay.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14450. This price reflects the value of the data product while considering the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's recent offers. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14350. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the seller's previous offers while still considering my budget constraints. It's a reasonable adjustment that aims to keep the negotiations moving forward towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14475. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the value of the data product. It acknowledges the buyer's previous offers while still recognizing the product's worth.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14375. This price reflects my continued commitment to approaching a fair agreement while considering the value of the data product and the seller's previous offers. It strikes a balance between our negotiations and acknowledges the seller's position.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 14450. This price reflects my willingness to negotiate while still valuing the quality of the data product, and it remains competitive in light of our previous discussions.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 14350. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between our previous discussions and the value of the data product while also acknowledging the seller's position. It's a reasonable step that encourages a swift resolution to our negotiations.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the buyer's previous offers while still valuing the data product's significant worth. Let's move towards a successful agreement.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 14300. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while still valuing the product appropriately. It acknowledges the seller's recent offer and aims to move us closer to an agreement that benefits both parties.