Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '3000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in model performance, which can be valuable in the market. The capacity is deemed sufficient, and the long data life suggests the product can be utilized over an extended period, adding to its value. However, the NULL values for Data Entropy and History limit the understanding of the product's robustness and past performance, which may hinder full confidence. The market value of 0.5 indicates a reasonable demand, but without stronger data attributes, the price cannot be too high.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a solid model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can effectively enhance existing systems. It also has a high data entropy, suggesting it contains a rich variety of data, which can be valuable for analytical purposes. The long data life implies its relevance over time, making it a sustainable asset. However, the market rating is only 0.5, which indicates moderate demand. Since only one trait is NULL, it suggests there is sufficient information to provide a reasonable valuation.', 'confidence': 'high'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the exceptional model performance improvement of 0.25, the high data entropy indicating a wealth of analytical value, and the long data life ensuring its ongoing relevance as a sustainable asset. Given its moderate market rating, I believe this offer effectively captures the value of the data product.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2500. While I acknowledge the seller's perspective on the exceptional model performance improvement, the high initial price does not align with my assessment of the data product's attributes, particularly the uncertainty surrounding data entropy and history. Given these factors, I believe a price of 2500 more accurately reflects the product's value in the current market.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 3000. I believe this price reflects the value of the data while still considering the uncertainties in its attributes. It provides a fair compromise between the initial offer and the buyer¡¯s previous price.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2900. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while remaining grounded in my assessment of the data's value. It reflects my willingness to negotiate while still aiming for a reasonable deal that considers the uncertainties mentioned.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 3000. This price reflects the value of the data while also considering the uncertainties involved. It strikes a balance between your previous offer and the need for a fair transaction.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2800. This price acknowledges your offer while still reflecting my belief in the value of the data product. It demonstrates a reasonable compromise between our positions, and I'm confident this price is fair given the current context of our negotiations.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2900. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the buyer's latest offer while still considering the uncertainties surrounding the data attributes.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2700. I believe this price is a reasonable step towards finding common ground, reflecting the value of the data while still considering the uncertainties that have been highlighted in our discussions. Let's work together to reach an agreement that satisfies both parties.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2600. This price reflects a reasonable compromise between the data's perceived value and the uncertainties surrounding its attributes, while also moving closer to a deal.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2500. This price is a fair reflection of the uncertainties surrounding the data while still acknowledging its value. It allows us to move closer to a deal without overextending.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2500. I believe this price reflects the uncertainties inherent in the data while acknowledging its value. It positions us for a fair deal, considering the buyer's previous offer.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2400. I believe this price better reflects the uncertainties inherent in the data while still recognizing its value. It positions us closer to a mutually agreeable deal, considering the seller's last offer.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2500. I believe this price reflects the uncertainties surrounding the data while still acknowledging its inherent value. Let's work towards a fair agreement that respects both parties' perspectives.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2300. I believe this price strikes a balance between the inherent value of the data and the uncertainties acknowledged by the seller. It reflects my willingness to negotiate while still aiming for a fair deal that respects both parties' interests.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2400. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the data's value and the uncertainties we've discussed, while also being an approachable figure for negotiation. Let's find a way to come to an agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2300. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the seller's position while still aiming for a price that considers the value of the data and the uncertainties we¡¯ve discussed. Let's find a mutually beneficial agreement that recognizes both our interests.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 2400. This reflects a reasonable compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's last offer, while also recognizing the inherent uncertainties of the data.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 2300. I believe this price is a fair compromise that takes into account the seller's recent offer while still reflecting the inherent uncertainties associated with the data. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 2400. This price reflects the ongoing negotiations and maintains a fair balance considering the data's value and the uncertainties we've discussed. Let's find common ground as we move towards a resolution.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 2300. This price acknowledges the seller's latest offer while still reflecting my assessment of the data's value and the ongoing uncertainties. I'm confident that this figure strikes a fair balance and paves the way for a final agreement.