Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('high', 'high'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '20000', 'reason': 'The product shows a solid Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25, indicating it can enhance model performance effectively. The capacity is sufficient, which suggests it can handle the necessary data without issues. The long data life adds value as it implies longevity and reliability of the data. However, the high data entropy may indicate complexity, which could require additional resources to manage. The absence of market and history data creates some uncertainty, but the existing positive traits suggest a decent value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a decent enhancement in performance, which can attract buyers. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle its intended use cases. However, the high data entropy may present challenges in data reliability and usability, and the long data life is a positive aspect that adds value. The market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand, but the presence of NULL in the history trait limits confidence in the product\'s proven performance. Overall, the balance of these traits leads to a reasonable valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:7525.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 8000. This price reflects the decent enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 and accounts for the product's capacity to handle its intended use cases effectively. The long data life adds to its value, making it a compelling offer in the current market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 7000. The value of the data product is promising with its Model Performance Improvement of 0.25 and long data life, but I believe my offer reflects a more balanced assessment of its complexity and uncertainty.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 7500. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the product's robust performance improvements and long data life, while also acknowledging the inherent complexities and uncertainties. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 7400. This price takes into account the seller's recent offer and aims to find a middle ground, acknowledging the product's value while still keeping our budget constraints in mind. Let's continue to negotiate towards a satisfactory agreement for both parties.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 7600. I believe this price reflects the substantial value of the product while considering the buyer's previous offers and the ongoing discussions about its performance and complexities.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 7500. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between recognizing the product's substantial value and addressing the seller's previous offer, while still allowing for negotiation within a reasonable range.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 7550. This price reflects the value of the product while also considering the buyer's recent offer of 7500. It shows my willingness to negotiate while recognizing the importance of reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 7500. This price reflects my confidence in the value of the product while acknowledging the seller's recent offer of 7550. I believe this is a fair compromise that respects the product's worth and our ongoing negotiations.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 7550. I believe this price reflects the product's value while also considering the buyer's previous offer, aiming for a fair and mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 7500. This price aligns with my previous considerations of the product's value while acknowledging the seller's latest offer. I believe it strikes a fair balance and allows us to move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 7550. This reflects the ongoing value discussions we've had, considering both the product's performance and the buyer's perspective. It's a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the complexities involved while aiming for a fair agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 7500. This price reflects my evaluation of the product's value while considering the ongoing negotiations and the seller's previous offers. I believe it represents a fair compromise that acknowledges both the product's quality and the need for a reasonable agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 7550. This price reflects the ongoing discussions about the product's inherent value and the need for a fair compromise, while also acknowledging the buyer's previous offers. Let's find a resolution that works for both of us.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 7500. This price is a fair reflection of the ongoing negotiations and the value I see in the product. It maintains consistency with my previous offers while also considering the seller's latest proposal. Let's finalize this deal!
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 7550. This price reflects the ongoing discussions about the product's value and complexity while also recognizing the buyer's previous offer. I believe this is a fair and reasonable compromise that can lead us to a successful agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 7500. This price continues to reflect my understanding of the product's inherent value and the complexities we've discussed while staying consistent with my previous offers. I believe this is a fair compromise that can help us reach a successful agreement swiftly.