Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity, indicating it can handle the intended workload, but with several NULL traits and a relatively low market score of 0.3, the valuation reflects a cautious approach. The expected price is modest due to the uncertainty associated with the missing data.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate capability to enhance performance, while the low data entropy suggests that the data is relatively reliable and consistent. However, the short data life limits the longevity of its usefulness. The market demand at 0.3 is relatively low, which affects the overall valuation. Given these factors, the expected price reflects a balance between performance potential and market conditions.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the moderate performance improvement potential of the data product and its reliable consistency, despite its short data life. The higher starting price allows for negotiation while emphasizing the value of the product in the current market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4800. The data product has some NULL traits and a low market score, which raises concerns about its overall value and reliability. My offer reflects a cautious approach to the potential risks involved with this purchase.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. The product has proven to be reliable and its moderate performance makes it a valuable asset in the market, justifying a higher price than the buyer's previous offer.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5400. The product's reliability and moderate performance are certainly appealing, but I still have reservations about its overall market standing. This price reflects a fair compromise while considering its current market evaluation.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the product's reliability and moderate performance, making it a fair value in the current market context.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price represents a reasonable compromise, taking into account the product's reliability while still acknowledging my concerns about its overall market performance. This way, we can reach an agreement that reflects both parties' perspectives.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5450. This price reflects the product's reliability and moderate performance, while being slightly lower than my previous offer to encourage a positive negotiation outcome.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5400. This price reflects my continued interest in the product while acknowledging the seller's emphasis on reliability and performance. It remains a fair compromise, considering the seller's recent offer and my concerns about the product's market standing.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5450. This price reflects the product's reliable performance and the ongoing interest from both parties, while also considering the buyer's position. Let's move forward with a fair compromise.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5400. This price aligns with my previous offers and reflects my ongoing commitment to reach a fair agreement while acknowledging the seller's position. It's a reasonable compromise given the product's moderate performance and reliability.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5400. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the product's reliability and moderate performance, while taking into account the buyer's concerns expressed in previous rounds.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price maintains a fair balance reflecting the product's reliability while acknowledging the moderate performance concerns we've discussed throughout our negotiations. It's a step forward that brings us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5350. I believe this price reflects the product's reliability while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about performance. It represents a fair compromise that can lead us closer to a successful agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5250. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still addressing my concerns regarding the product's overall performance and market standing. It strikes a balance between reliability and my need for a more competitive price, paving the way towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5300. I believe this price reflects the reliability of the product while taking into account the buyer's concerns about its performance. It's a fair compromise that can lead us closer to a successful agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5200. I believe this price is a reasonable reflection of the product's performance concerns while still acknowledging its reliability. It allows us to move forward in our negotiations while remaining competitive in the market.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5250. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the product's reliability and moderate performance, while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns about its market standing. Let's move closer to a deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5150. I believe this price is a reasonable step towards closure, considering the seller's last offer and my continued concerns about the product's market standing and performance. Let's find common ground and finalize this deal.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5200. This price reflects the product's solid reliability while being competitive in the current market context. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the performance concerns and the buyer's interest.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5100. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's concerns about reliability and my need for a more competitive price, especially considering the historical context of our negotiations and the performance issues we've discussed.