Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_entrophy': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate improvement in performance, which can be appealing in certain applications. However, the lack of information on capacity, data entropy, history, and market limits the overall assessment. The short data life suggests that the product may have limited long-term utility, which could impact its desirability. Therefore, the valuation reflects both the potential benefits and the uncertainty due to missing information.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can attract interest in a market with a score of 0.4. However, the short data life and the presence of NULL traits suggest limitations in reliability and longevity, which could deter potential buyers. The expected price reflects a balance between the moderate performance improvement and the inherent risks due to missing data.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:6250.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 7000. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement, as well as the market potential it holds. While there are some limitations due to the short data life and NULL traits, the value still stands strong for interested buyers.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. This price reflects my assessment of the product's limited long-term utility and the uncertainties due to missing information, despite the moderate improvement indicated by the Model Performance Improvement. I'm keen to negotiate and reach a mutual agreement.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the moderate performance improvement and market potential, while also acknowledging the concerns about long-term utility and uncertainties. I believe this represents a fair value for both parties, allowing us to make progress in our negotiations.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5000. This price reflects a more cautious approach, taking into account the moderate performance improvement and market potential, while also acknowledging the concerns raised regarding long-term utility and uncertainties. I believe this is a reasonable midpoint to foster further negotiations and make progress towards an agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 6500. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the moderate performance improvements and the uncertainties in the market, positioning it as a strong opportunity for both parties.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5800. This price reflects my assessment of the moderate performance improvements while also acknowledging the uncertainties and risks in the market. It strikes a balance between the offers we've seen and positions us for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 6400. I believe this price reflects a strong opportunity in the market despite some uncertainties, while also being a fair progression from our previous discussions. This amount balances the potential for improvement with the cautious approach suggested by the last offers.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 6200. I believe this price strikes a balance between the market potential we've discussed and the cautious approaches presented in previous offers. It reflects a reasonable progression from our last conversation while still acknowledging the uncertainties we face.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 6300. I believe this price reflects a balanced approach, acknowledging the fair opportunity presented by the market potential while considering the existing uncertainties. This price is a step towards finding common ground and moving the deal forward.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 6250. I believe this price strikes a careful balance between the previous offers and reflects the opportunities presented in the market while still acknowledging the uncertainties that have been highlighted. Let¡¯s move forward with this negotiation.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 6300. I believe this price reflects a balanced consideration of market potential and the uncertainties we've discussed. It positions us well for a mutually beneficial agreement while acknowledging the improvements in performance.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 6200. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the performance improvements while still taking into account the uncertainties we face in the market. This position allows us to move forward and reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 6250. This price reflects a balanced view of the market potential and uncertainties we've discussed, while also considering the cautious approach that has emerged from previous negotiations. It¡¯s a fair midpoint that acknowledges both the opportunities and challenges ahead.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 6250. This price maintains a balanced perspective on the market potential and the uncertainties we've encountered in our discussions. It reflects a fair midpoint that considers both the opportunities for growth and the caution we must exercise moving forward.