Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '500', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and low data entropy, which suggests it can provide some valuable insights, but the short data life and lack of information on model performance and market potential limit its overall value. The absence of critical traits reduces confidence in its effectiveness and marketability.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating some efficacy in enhancing performance. However, the low data entropy suggests that the data is less complex, which can limit its value. The short data life means it may not be suitable for long-term applications, impacting its overall utility. Given these factors and the current market demand rating of 0.3, the expected price reflects a reasonable valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:355.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 7000. This price reflects the moderate model performance improvement and the current market demand, while also considering the potential utility limitations of the data product. I believe this valuation captures the value accurately and allows room for negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 300. Given the limited data life and lack of clear model performance information, I believe this price more accurately reflects the potential utility and overall value of the data product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 400. This price reflects my assessment of the limited data life and the current uncertainty regarding model performance, while still considering the previous offer you made.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 350. I believe this price better reflects my assessment of the model's potential while considering the seller's concerns about data life and performance uncertainty. This offer allows for a reasonable negotiation space while maintaining my interest in acquiring the data product.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 375. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the buyer's concerns about model performance while still recognizing the potential value of the data product. Let's find a middle ground that benefits us both.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 350. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's valuation and my concerns regarding the data product's performance and longevity. It reflects my willingness to negotiate while still being mindful of the product's potential value. Let's move towards a resolution that works for both of us.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 360. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the buyer's concerns while also emphasizing the intrinsic value of the data product. Let's find common ground.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 350. This price reflects my ongoing assessment of the data product's value while aligning closely with your recent offer. I'm looking for a fair deal that acknowledges the uncertainties we've discussed while still moving us towards a successful agreement. Let's finalize this.