Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a reasonable level of enhancement, which could be beneficial for potential users. However, the short data life suggests that the product may have limited long-term value. The lack of additional information such as data entropy, history, and market makes it difficult to assess the full potential and demand. Therefore, while there is some value, it is limited and should be reflected in a moderate price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a decent enhancement in model performance, which can be valuable in competitive markets. However, the low market score of 0.3 suggests limited demand. The low data entropy implies that the data is relatively organized and easy to use, but the short data life indicates that its usefulness may diminish quickly. Overall, while there are some positive traits, the combination of a low market score and short data life tempers the overall value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1555.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the potential value of the data product, considering its decent model performance improvement and organized structure, despite some limitations in market demand and data longevity.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. The product's limited data life and lack of comprehensive market information suggest that a lower price is more appropriate. While the model performance improvement is noted, the overall value is constrained, and I believe this offer better reflects that reality.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700.0. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's potential value while acknowledging its limitations in market lifespan and utility. It¡¯s a fair compromise that recognizes both our interests.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price considers the product's potential value while also taking into account its limitations and the market dynamics. It presents a reasonable compromise that respects both our positions as we move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the data product's potential value while acknowledging its limitations, allowing us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price strikes a fair balance, taking into account the product's potential and limitations while demonstrating my willingness to reach a reasonable agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects the product's potential value while still acknowledging its limitations. I believe this is a fair compromise that respects both our positions.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price recognizes the product's value while remaining mindful of its limitations. It represents a reasonable compromise that balances our positions and allows us to move forward with the deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a fair value for the product, considering its potential and limitations while still being reasonable for both parties.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between recognizing the potential value of the product and understanding its limitations, while still moving us closer to an agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1575. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the product while considering its limitations. It's a step towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price continues to reflect a fair balance considering the product's limitations and market context. It's a strategic move towards reaching an agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1560. I believe this price reflects a reasonable balance between the product's value and its limitations, while also moving towards a middle ground that could facilitate a successful agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while considering its limitations. It's a step towards finding a mutually beneficial agreement and demonstrates my interest in moving forward in this negotiation.