Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 suggests a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be valuable depending on the application. However, the lack of data on life, history, and market reduces the overall confidence in the product's long-term value and applicability. Given the low data entropy, it implies a stable dataset, which is a positive aspect. Thus, a mid-range pricing is justified.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3 and low data entropy, indicating it may be useful for specific applications despite having a short data life and a market value also at 0.3. The capacity being enough suggests it can handle a reasonable amount of data, making it somewhat valuable in niche markets.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:3625.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 7000. This price reflects the moderate model performance improvement and the niche market potential of the data product, which suggests it holds significant value despite its short data life.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. Given the moderate model performance improvement and the concerns regarding the short data life and lack of comprehensive history, I believe this price reflects a more realistic value for the product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000.0. This price reflects the unique value of the product, considering its moderate performance and the niche market potential, while also being flexible enough to accommodate your concerns about its short data life and limited history. Let's find a common ground that recognizes the worth of this data.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. Given the seller's concerns about the product's value, moderate performance, and limited history, I believe this offer reflects a fair compromise while still addressing my reservations about the data's short lifespan. Let's work towards finding a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 4000. This price reflects the unique value of the product while considering the buyer's concerns. It¡¯s a reasonable compromise that recognizes the product's potential in the market.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 3900. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the seller's assessment of the product's value while still considering my concerns regarding its performance and history. It's a reasonable and competitive offer that aims to bridge the gap between our expectations.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 3950. Given the unique market potential of the product and its moderate performance, I believe this price strikes a balance between value and the buyer's concerns while still reflecting the product's worth.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 3850. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the product's unique market potential while still addressing my concerns about its moderate performance. Let's find a fair resolution.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 3900. This price reflects the unique market potential of the product while still acknowledging the buyer's concerns about its performance. It's a balanced compromise that respects both parties' perspectives.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 3800. This price reflects my recognition of the product's unique market potential while still addressing my concerns regarding its performance. I'm confident this offer strikes a fair balance between our perspectives, and I hope we can move closer to a deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 3850. I believe this price acknowledges the product's unique market potential while addressing the performance concerns that have been raised. It's a fair compromise that reflects both parties' interests.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 3750. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise between the product's unique market potential and the ongoing performance concerns. It acknowledges the seller's position while remaining within my budget constraints.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 3700. This price reflects a balance between the product's unique potential and the concerns about its performance, while also considering the buyer's previous offer of 3850. I believe this is a fair position to move forward in our negotiations.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 3600. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the product's unique market potential and my concerns regarding its performance, while also recognizing the seller's latest offer of 3700. I'm looking to keep the negotiations moving forward effectively.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 3650. Given the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's last offer of 3600, I believe this adjusted price reflects a fair compromise while still acknowledging the product's unique market potential and moderate performance. Let's move towards closing this deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 3600. I believe this price reflects a fair value considering the ongoing negotiations and the product's potential, while also addressing my concerns about its performance. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.