Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 suggests a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be valuable for certain applications. However, the low data entropy indicates that the data is relatively simple or predictable, which might limit its versatility. The short data life suggests that the usefulness of the data will diminish quickly, which could deter potential buyers. The lack of historical and market data makes it difficult to gauge demand, but the capacity being sufficient provides some assurance that it can handle operational needs. Given these factors, the price reflects a balance between potential value and limitations.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in model performance, which can attract some interest. However, the low market score of 0.3 suggests limited demand, and the short data life may impact long-term value. The low data entropy means the data is relatively clean, which is a positive aspect, but the lack of historical context raises concerns about reliability and application. Overall, the potential for short-term use in a niche market justifies a modest price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1660.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in model performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement, along with the clean data quality, which can be appealing to potential buyers in a niche market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. The seller's price of 1800 is lower than my expected value, but I think my offer reflects a fair assessment of the data's limitations, such as its short data life and predictability. I'm looking for a deal that aligns more closely with the potential risks involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the exceptional quality and enhanced performance of the data, while also addressing the buyer¡¯s concerns about limitations. It¡¯s a fair compromise that highlights the value of the product while being competitive in the market.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1690. This price considers the seller's quality claims while still addressing my concerns about the data limitations. It's a strategic move to reflect the need for a more competitive edge while ensuring we stay in negotiation mode.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1720. The quality of the data and its enhanced performance justify a competitive price, and I believe this offer reflects a fair compromise that addresses both parties' concerns.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1680. The data has its limitations, and while I appreciate the seller's emphasis on quality and performance, my offer reflects a careful evaluation of the overall value and competitive landscape.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1700. The data quality is significant, and I believe this price reflects both its enhanced performance and the competitive edge it can provide. Let's move forward with this offer.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1650. The data provided has potential, but I still have concerns regarding its limitations and the competitive value it can bring. This price reflects my evaluation of the data¡¯s current state while acknowledging the seller's perspective on its enhanced performance. Let's find a middle ground that works for both of us.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1670. The data I provide has significant quality and potential, but I recognize the need to find common ground. This price reflects a fair compromise while still valuing the data's overall worth.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1650. The data has shown potential, but I believe my offer reflects a balanced approach considering the limitations previously discussed. This price allows us to move forward while still appreciating the value of the data.