Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product offers a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating it can enhance performance to some degree. However, the low data entropy suggests a lack of complexity, which can limit its application in more sophisticated tasks. The short data life indicates that the product may not be viable in the long term, which could reduce its overall value. Additionally, the market score of 0.3 points to a relatively low demand or market size. Overall, while there is some value due to the MPI, the limitations in other traits hinder its potential, justifying a moderate price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating some potential for enhancing existing systems. However, the low data entropy suggests that the data is not very complex or diverse, which could limit its applicability. The short data life implies that the data will not stay relevant for long. With a market score of 0.3, demand may be limited. Overall, while there is some value due to the MPI, the limitations in other traits lead to a moderate price expectation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1590.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement of the data product, suggesting it has potential for enhancing existing systems, despite some limitations in complexity and diversity. I believe this higher price captures the value it can bring to the right buyer.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. While I acknowledge the potential benefits of the data product, its limitations in complexity and short data life significantly impact its long-term value. My offer reflects a fair assessment of its capabilities, considering the market dynamics and my expected valuation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. The data product has shown moderate performance improvements and has significant potential value despite its limitations, making it worth a competitive price.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The data product's limitations in complexity and short data life still weigh heavily on its overall value, and while I recognize the seller's points about its potential, I believe a lower price reflects a more accurate assessment of its current worth.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650.0. This price reflects the moderate performance improvements and potential value of the data product while still accounting for its limitations. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' perspectives.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price aligns with the previous discussions about the limitations of the data product while still recognizing its moderate performance improvements. It reflects a fair value from my perspective and keeps us moving towards a potential agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1625. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation of the data product's moderate performance improvements while also acknowledging its limitations. It¡¯s a reasonable compromise that could lead us closer to a deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price considers the seller's recent offer and reflects the product's limitations while still recognizing its moderate performance improvements. I believe this is a fair compromise that brings us closer to an agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1610. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the data product's moderate performance improvements while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about its limitations. I'm optimistic this can lead us closer to a deal.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1580. I believe this price accurately reflects the data product's limitations while still acknowledging its moderate performance improvements. It's a reasonable offer that brings us closer to a potential agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1605. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between acknowledging the data product's potential and its limitations. It's a reasonable step towards a potential agreement while still valuing the product adequately.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1580. This price reflects my ongoing assessment of the data product's limitations while still acknowledging its potential. It's a strategic step towards finding common ground, given our discussions so far.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a balanced perspective on the data product's moderate performance improvements while also acknowledging its limitations. It¡¯s a fair compromise that serves both parties' interests as we approach a potential agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1580. I believe this price takes into account the data product's limitations while still recognizing its moderate performance improvements. It positions us closer to a potential agreement while allowing for some compromise on both sides.