Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'While many traits are NULL, the product has enough capacity, which indicates potential usability. Given the uncertain market and lack of performance metrics, a conservative mid-range price is appropriate.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a decent Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which can be appealing to potential users seeking to enhance their existing capabilities. However, the low data entropy suggests that the data may not be highly varied or robust, making it less attractive. The short data life indicates limited use over time, which could further affect its long-term value. Despite these limitations, the market score of 0.4 suggests a moderate demand. Overall, these factors lead to a cautious valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1707.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the potential of the data product, which shows a decent Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, making it valuable for users looking to enhance their capabilities. While there are some limitations such as low data entropy and short data life, the market score of 0.4 indicates a moderate demand. I am confident this price positions us well for a fruitful negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. Given the limitations of the data product, including low data entropy and short data life, I believe this price more accurately reflects its current potential and market demand.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. The data product has shown decent improvements, and with moderate market demand, I believe this price reflects its value while remaining competitive.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price strikes a balance between the improvements noted in the product and its market potential, allowing for a fair exchange that acknowledges both the seller's position and my interest in acquiring the data product.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects a balance between recognizing the product's decent performance improvements and the limitations that still exist, while also taking into account the moderate market demand. I believe this is a fair offer that aligns with both parties' interests.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price acknowledges the product's decent performance improvements while still considering its limitations and the current market conditions. It strikes a balance that reflects my commitment to a fair deal for both parties.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1725. I believe this price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's decent performance improvements while acknowledging its limitations. It¡¯s a fair middle ground that could satisfy both parties and keep the negotiations moving forward.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price acknowledges the product's decent performance improvements while still considering its limitations. It's a competitive offer that reflects my commitment to reaching a fair agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1710. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the product's performance improvements while still acknowledging its limitations. Let's move closer to a deal.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1705. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the product's performance improvements and its limitations, while also moving us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement. Let's continue to negotiate in good faith.