Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and low data entropy, suggesting it can handle its intended tasks effectively with minimal noise or complexity in the data. However, the absence of information regarding model performance improvement, data life, history, and market limits the assessment. Given these factors, a moderate price is justified, reflecting the potential utility while remaining cautious due to the lack of key information.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has a moderate model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3, suggesting that it can enhance existing models to some extent. However, the low data entropy indicates that the data is relatively straightforward and may not offer significant insights. The short data life limits its long-term utility, and the lack of historical performance data raises concerns about reliability. The market score of 0.4 implies a somewhat favorable demand, but overall, the mixed traits suggest a modest value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1610.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate model performance improvement and the demand in the market, which suggests potential value despite the product's limitations. I believe this offer positions us well for a beneficial negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. Given the product's limitations and the moderate performance improvement mentioned, I believe this price reflects a more cautious approach to the potential value of the data product. It allows us to consider the risks involved while still acknowledging the market demand.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's potential and the current market demand while still addressing the associated risks. It represents a fair middle ground that acknowledges both parties' perspectives.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price better reflects my understanding of the product's limitations and the associated risks while still acknowledging the seller's perspective. It positions us closer to a more feasible agreement, considering our previous discussions and the current market dynamics.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's potential and market demand while remaining cautious of its limitations. It allows us to move forward constructively in this negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price acknowledges the seller's position while still reflecting my assessment of the product's value and potential. It allows us to find common ground and move forward in the negotiation effectively.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1620. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while taking into account the current market demand and its potential. It also maintains a reasonable margin that acknowledges the limitations of the product.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's assessment of value and my understanding of the product's limitations. It reflects the current market demand while ensuring that I¡¯m not overcommitting beyond what I deem reasonable.