Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and low data entropy, indicating that it can provide reliable insights and is relatively easy to manage. However, the short data life suggests it may not hold long-term value. The NULL traits indicate a lack of comprehensive performance history and market context, which limits confidence in the valuation. Thus, a moderate price is justified based on its current capabilities, despite uncertainties.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has a decent Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 and a low data entropy, which indicates consistent and reliable data characteristics. However, the short data life and lack of historical context may limit its long-term value. The market demand of 0.4 suggests a moderate interest, implying a price that reflects these mixed attributes.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1675.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the decent Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 and the reliable characteristics of the data, despite its short data life and limited historical context. Given the moderate market demand, I believe this offer captures the value of the product effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. The characteristics of the data, while decent, do not justify a higher price given its short data life and limited historical context. A price of 1500 reflects my assessment of its current capabilities while acknowledging the uncertainties involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects a fair compromise between the performance of the model and the limitations of the data, while still valuing the quality and reliability that it brings.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the quality and reliability of the data while also considering its limitations. It's a fair step forward in our negotiation.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects a fair assessment of the data's reliable performance while acknowledging its limitations. I'm confident this is a reasonable middle ground that benefits both parties.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, acknowledging the data's reliable performance while still considering its limitations. It's a reasonable compromise that aligns with our previous discussions and allows us to move forward in a mutually beneficial manner.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price represents a fair valuation of the data's decent model performance while acknowledging its limitations. I'm confident this is a reasonable compromise that reflects the ongoing negotiations.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a balanced consideration of the data's performance and its limitations, maintaining momentum in our negotiations. It's a fair compromise that aims to keep us moving towards a deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1680. I believe this price reflects a strong balance between the data's performance and its limitations, while still moving closer to the buyer's expectations. Let's find a resolution that works for both of us.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1670. I believe this price is a reasonable step forward, maintaining a strong consideration of the data's performance while still acknowledging its limitations. Let's aim to reach an agreement that satisfies both sides.