Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a decent level of enhancement over existing solutions, which suggests value to potential users. The market score of 0.4 implies there is some demand, although it is not very strong. However, the absence of data on entropy, life, and history limits the overall confidence in the product's robustness and longevity. Given these factors, a price of 15,000 reflects a reasonable valuation within the context of its potential and the market conditions.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': 'The model shows a moderate improvement in performance (MPI of 0.3) and has a low data entropy, indicating it can provide reliable outputs. However, the short data life suggests it may not have long-term utility, and the NULL history limits the assessment of its effectiveness over time. The market score of 0.4 indicates there is some demand, but not strong. Therefore, the price reflects a cautious valuation based on these mixed factors.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2325.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 3000. This price reflects the moderate performance improvement and reliability of the data, while also accounting for the current market demand, which, while not strong, indicates some interest. I believe this price captures the value of the product effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2000. Given the moderate performance improvement and the current market demand, I believe this price better reflects the value of the product while also considering the uncertainties surrounding its robustness and longevity.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects a balanced assessment of the product's value while acknowledging the buyer's interest and the potential for moderate performance improvement. It allows us to move closer to an agreement while still considering the current market dynamics.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2400. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's assessment while still aiming for a fair value that aligns with my budget and the product's potential. I believe this can facilitate a productive discussion as we work toward a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2450. This price reflects a reasonable compromise, taking into account the buyer's interest and the product's intrinsic value while allowing for a small concession from my previous offer.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2400. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the ongoing negotiations and acknowledges the seller's last offer while still aligning with my budget constraints. It keeps us within a reasonable range for both parties to move forward effectively.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2450. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the product's value and the market interest. It aligns closely with our previous discussions and acknowledges the constraints while still being competitive in the current landscape.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2400. I believe this price is a fair reflection of our previous negotiations and acknowledges both my budget constraints and the value of the product. It facilitates a potential agreement while still being competitive in the ongoing market discussions.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2400. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the market conditions. It aligns with my previous offers while acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints. I'm confident this is a reasonable point for both parties to move forward.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2350. I believe this price represents a fair compromise, demonstrating my willingness to engage and find common ground while still being mindful of budget constraints. This offer maintains my position while also considering the seller's proposal, which I appreciate.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2400. This price reflects a balanced approach considering both the product's value and the ongoing negotiations, while still acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints. Let's work towards a fair agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2350. This price reflects my continued commitment to finding a fair agreement while acknowledging the seller's recent offer of 2400. It's a strategic move, aiming for a balance between our respective positions and the value of the product. Let's keep the negotiation constructive and move closer to a deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2380. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between our positions, considering the buyer's budget constraints and the product's inherent value in the current market. Let's move towards closing this deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2300. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance between our positions, taking into account my budget constraints while still acknowledging the value of the product. Let's continue to move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2350. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's budget constraints, while still acknowledging the product's inherent value.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2300. This price acknowledges the seller's latest offer while also reflecting my continued interest in reaching an agreement. It's a reasonable compromise that aligns with my budget constraints and the ongoing negotiation dynamics.