Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be appealing to potential users. However, the short data life suggests that the product may not be sustainable in the long term, limiting its value. The lack of data entropy, history, and market information creates uncertainty, but the existing traits still hold some value.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product demonstrates a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating it can enhance outcomes to some extent. The market value of 0.4 suggests a reasonable demand exists, but the low data entropy indicates that the data is relatively straightforward and may not provide significant insights. However, the short data life could limit its long-term applicability, reducing potential revenue. Overall, the combination of moderate MPI and market demand supports a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1655.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement of the data product and its reasonable market demand, ensuring that I capture the value it brings to potential buyers.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The offered price of 1800 is significantly above my expectations given the product's moderate enhancement in performance and its short data life. I believe 1600 more accurately reflects the current market conditions and the uncertainties surrounding the product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's performance improvements and current market demand while also acknowledging the need for a competitive edge.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while also considering the product's moderate performance improvements and the competitive market landscape. I believe this is a fair compromise that reflects the value at hand.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1660. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise given the moderate performance improvements and the competitive landscape we are facing. It provides a slight increase while still being reasonable for both parties involved.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price takes into account the seller's perspective while still reflecting my belief in the value of the product given its moderate performance improvements. I think this is a fair offer that balances both parties' expectations.