Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be appealing in the market. However, the short data life limits its long-term usability, and the NULL values for data entropy and history create uncertainty regarding the product's reliability and effectiveness. The market value of 0.4 suggests some demand, but the lack of complete information diminishes confidence.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates potential effectiveness in enhancing performance metrics. However, the data life is short, and there is low data entropy, suggesting limited long-term value and variability. The market rating of 0.4 indicates moderate demand, which can support a reasonable price. The absence of historical data (NULL) introduces some uncertainty in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1675.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3, highlighting the product's potential effectiveness in enhancing performance metrics, despite its short data life and limited long-term value. I believe this price aligns well with the current market demand and the product's unique attributes.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. The moderate MPI of 0.3 and the short data life, along with the uncertainties due to NULL values for data entropy and history, suggest that a lower price is more appropriate given the potential risks involved. I believe this price reflects a fair consideration of the data product's limitations while still acknowledging its performance potential.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. The product's performance has shown some improvement, but its limitations due to short data life and potential NULL value risks remain significant factors. My price reflects a fair balance considering these aspects.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1550. Given the seller's concerns about the product's limitations, I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the improvements noted and the existing risks. It's a reasonable compromise that reflects my confidence in the product while acknowledging its shortcomings.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price accurately reflects the product's improvements while still acknowledging its limitations. It's a fair middle ground that considers the buyer's perspective on model performance and market alignment. Let's move forward.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price acknowledges the recent improvements in the product while still considering the limitations that have been highlighted. It's a reasonable offer that reflects my interest in moving forward with this deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1700. The product has shown notable improvements in model performance, and I believe this new price reflects its enhanced value while still considering the previous limitations.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1650. The improvements in model performance are appreciated, but I believe my offer reflects a fair balance considering the product's limitations. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges both the enhancements and the risks involved.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1680. This price reflects the ongoing improvements in model performance while still addressing the product's limitations, making it a reasonable compromise.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1670. This price acknowledges the seller's improvements in model performance while still recognizing the existing limitations of the product. It's a reasonable step toward finding a fair compromise between our positions.