Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a significant enhancement in the model's effectiveness, which can be quite valuable in data-driven applications. However, the presence of NULL traits such as Data Life, History, and Market limits the overall context and potential market demand for the product. Considering the MPI and the unspecified capacity but low data entropy, the product can still be seen as a useful tool for specific applications, justifying a moderate price.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The model performance improvement is moderate at 0.3, indicating that the product can provide some value to users looking to enhance their models. The market score of 0.4 suggests there is a demand, but it's relatively low. However, the low data entropy means the data is reliable and can be useful. The short data life may limit long-term value, but the sufficient capacity allows for scalability. Overall, the combination of these traits leads to a modest expected price.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1730.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate performance improvement of our data product and its reliable nature, making it a valuable resource for users looking to enhance their models.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. The seller's offer of 1800 is quite low compared to my expected value, and I believe 1700 is a fair price considering the product's moderate performance improvement and the presence of NULL traits. This price reflects my willingness to engage in a productive negotiation while staying mindful of the product's limitations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the value of the data product while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns about its limitations. It balances my confidence in the product's reliability with a willingness to move closer to the buyer's perspective.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1725. This price is a strategic move that acknowledges the seller's latest offer while still reflecting my concerns about the product's limitations. It shows a willingness to negotiate further without straying too far from my initial position.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects the product's strong performance and reliability while also showing flexibility to meet the buyer's concerns. This approach allows us to move forward in the negotiation effectively.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1720. I believe this price represents a fair compromise, taking into account the seller's confidence in the product while still reflecting my concerns about its limitations. This allows us to move closer to an agreement while acknowledging both parties' perspectives.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the solid performance and reliability of my data product while still being mindful of your concerns. I'm confident that this is a fair value that recognizes the strengths of the product.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1725. This price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's confidence in the product's performance and reliability while still reflecting my concerns about its limitations. I believe this offer is fair and reasonable, keeping our negotiation productive as we move forward.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the solid performance and reliability of my data product, which I believe justifies its value while still being competitive in this negotiation.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1720. This price reflects my belief in the product's capabilities while still addressing my concerns about its limitations. It strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's confidence and my need for a reasonable compromise.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1740. I believe this price reflects the solid performance and reliability of the data product while also considering the buyer's previous concerns. It strikes a balance that should facilitate a successful negotiation.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1720. I believe this price continues to reflect my ongoing concerns about the product's limitations while still recognizing the seller's efforts to find a compromise. It represents a fair balance that could lead us closer to a successful agreement.