Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 is promising, indicating that the product has a moderate potential to enhance performance. The market score of 0.4 suggests there is some demand for this product, though it is not very high. The capacity being sufficient is a positive aspect, but the presence of NULL values for Data Life and History raises concerns about the completeness of information. Overall, the product has potential value, but uncertainties limit the confidence in its valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in capability, while a low data entropy suggests that the data is relatively stable and reliable. However, the short data life may limit its long-term value. The market demand score of 0.4 indicates a reasonable interest, which could support a mid-range pricing. The combination of these factors leads to a moderate expected price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2025.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the moderate enhancement of capability indicated by the model performance improvement, alongside the stable and reliable nature of the data. Given the current market demand, I believe this offer captures the value well.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. While I acknowledge the potential enhancement of capability indicated by the model performance improvement, the high price does not reflect the concerns I have regarding the completeness of the information due to the presence of NULL values. My offer considers the moderate market demand and the uncertainties involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2500. The data's completeness is still a concern, but I recognize the potential value it brings. This price reflects a fair middle ground considering the buyer's interest and the current market conditions.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2400. I believe this price acknowledges the potential value of the data while still reflecting my concerns about its completeness. This is a reasonable offer that aims to bridge the gap between our previous positions.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2500. I believe this price reflects the potential value of the data while considering the completeness issues we've discussed. It strikes a fair balance between recognizing the data's utility and the concerns surrounding its integrity.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2400. I believe this price maintains the balance between the data's potential value and the completeness issues we've discussed, while also recognizing the seller's latest offer. This approach reflects my commitment to finding common ground and moving towards a fair agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2450. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the recognized potential value of the data and the completeness concerns that have been highlighted. It acknowledges the buyer¡¯s interest while also recognizing the limitations that exist.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2400. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise given the data's potential value while still acknowledging the completeness concerns that have been discussed. This offer aims to maintain momentum in our negotiations and reach an agreement that satisfies both parties.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2400. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the data's potential value while considering the completeness issues and moderate market demand we've discussed. Let's move forward with this agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2300. I believe this price reflects a reasonable acknowledgment of the data's potential value while still addressing the completeness concerns we¡¯ve discussed. It's a step towards a fair agreement that benefits both parties. Let's continue to work towards a successful deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2350. This price reflects a fair acknowledgment of the data's value while considering the ongoing completeness concerns. I believe this amount strikes a balance that could lead us closer to an agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2250. I believe this price acknowledges the data's potential value while still reflecting the ongoing concerns about completeness. This offer aims to maintain a constructive dialogue and move us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2300. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the data's potential value while still addressing the completeness concerns. Let's move forward with a constructive dialogue.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2200. I believe this price is a reasonable acknowledgment of the data's value while still considering the completeness concerns raised earlier. It allows us to move forward in our negotiations constructively.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2250. I believe this price reflects a reasonable acknowledgment of the data's potential value while considering the ongoing concerns regarding completeness. It's a fair compromise that allows us to move forward in our negotiations.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2150. This price reflects my ongoing assessment of the data's potential value while still being mindful of the completeness concerns that have surfaced during our negotiations. I believe this adjustment will facilitate a constructive dialogue as we move towards a resolution.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 2100. I believe this price reflects a reasonable acknowledgment of the data's potential value while still addressing the ongoing completeness concerns. It encourages further negotiation while staying competitive in this deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price represents a fair acknowledgment of the data's potential value while still considering the ongoing completeness concerns. It allows us to progress towards a mutually beneficial agreement while remaining competitive in the negotiation.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 2050. I believe this price reflects a fair acknowledgment of the data's potential value while still considering the completeness concerns we've discussed. It provides a constructive path towards closing this deal.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price represents a reasonable acknowledgment of the data's potential value while still addressing the completeness concerns we've discussed. It provides a step forward towards finalizing this deal effectively.