Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 suggests a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be valuable to users seeking improvements. However, the low data entropy indicates that the data is relatively predictable and may not provide significant insights. The short data life limits long-term usability, and the absence of historical performance and market context diminishes potential value. Therefore, while there is some value, it is constrained by the limitations present.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': "The product has a notable Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates a significant enhancement in output for potential users. The market score of 0.4 suggests a moderate demand for such improvements. However, the low capacity of data life and the presence of NULL traits in the history may limit its long-term viability and confidence in the product's effectiveness. Overall, the positive aspects outweigh the negatives to some extent, leading to a reasonable valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:3025.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 3500. This price reflects the notable Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 and the moderate market demand score of 0.4, indicating the significant value this data product can provide to potential users.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 3000. While the Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 does suggest some value, the low data entropy and short data life limit the overall usability and insights this data product can provide. Therefore, a lower price is more reflective of its constrained value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 3200. I believe this price reflects the moderate demand and the potential for performance improvement while also considering the limitations of low data entropy and short data life. This is a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' perspectives.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 3100. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's perspective on the limitations of the data and the potential value I see in it. It acknowledges the moderate demand while valuing the product more than the seller's current offer.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 3150. Given the moderate demand and the inherent limitations of the data's usability, this price reflects a fair balance between the value offered and the constraints we face. Let's find common ground here.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 3100. I believe this price strikes a fair balance considering the moderate demand and the usability constraints. It reflects my recognition of the value, while also aligning with the previous negotiations. Let's continue to work towards a beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 3100. Given the ongoing discussions and the moderate demand for the product, this price reflects a fair compromise while still valuing the product's potential. Let's continue to find common ground.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 3050. I believe this price strikes a balance between our previous offers and reflects the ongoing negotiations while acknowledging the limitations discussed. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 3075. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the current market demand and the product's limitations, while still recognizing the value it brings to the buyer.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 3025. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's current limitations while still acknowledging its potential value. It allows us to continue moving forward in negotiations without undervaluing the offer on the table.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 3050. This price reflects a strong compromise considering the moderate demand and the usability constraints we've discussed. It positions us for a fair exchange while recognizing the product's value.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 3000. I believe this price reflects the current market dynamics while acknowledging the product's limitations. It represents a solid compromise that maintains the integrity of our negotiation and aligns with my previous valuations.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 3050. This price reflects the ongoing negotiations and acknowledges the market dynamics while recognizing the product's value potential. Let's move towards a fair agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 3000. I believe this price reflects a fair evaluation of the product's limitations and current market dynamics, while still recognizing its potential value. Let's aim for a constructive agreement moving forward.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 3050. This price reflects a fair balance between the product's limitations and its perceived value, while also acknowledging the moderate demand and usability constraints we've discussed. Let's move closer to a resolution.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 3000. This price reflects my assessment of the product's current market value and usability constraints, while still aiming for a fair resolution. Let's progress towards a mutually beneficial agreement.