Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 which indicates potential effectiveness, despite a short data life. The low data entropy suggests that the data is reliable and manageable. The market indicator of 0.4 implies some demand, but the NULL history trait raises concerns about past performance. Therefore, the price reflects a balance of potential and uncertainty in the product's effectiveness and market acceptance.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates some level of effectiveness. The capacity is described as "enough," suggesting it can handle the necessary data load. However, the low data entropy implies that the data might not be highly complex or varied, which can limit its applicability in certain contexts. The short data life suggests that it may not be sustainable over time, potentially impacting long-term value. The market score of 0.4 indicates a moderate demand, but the absence of a historical context (NULL) means there is uncertainty regarding its past performance. Overall, these factors lead to a cautious valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1700.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate effectiveness of the data product, which shows a Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, along with its capacity to handle necessary data loads. Despite its limitations such as low data entropy and short data life, I believe the product's value in the current market justifies this higher asking price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price reflects my assessment of the data product's potential effectiveness, considering its moderate Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 and the concerns surrounding its short data life and NULL history trait. While I recognize the seller's perspective, I believe my offer better aligns with the current market uncertainties and the product's limitations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the value of the data product, considering its effectiveness and market dynamics, while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns about current uncertainties.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price takes into account the seller's latest offer while still reflecting my concerns about the product's effectiveness and the current market dynamics. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the data product while remaining within my budget.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1725. The data product's value remains significant given its potential, and I'm willing to negotiate down slightly to facilitate a deal. Let's find common ground.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1680. The product still presents some concerns for me, but I believe this price reflects its value while also considering my budget constraints. Let's work towards a fair deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1710. This price reflects a fair compromise, taking into account the product's moderate effectiveness and current market conditions, while still recognizing its inherent value.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1690. This price represents a reasonable compromise, considering the product's moderate effectiveness and the prevailing market uncertainties. It reflects my willingness to negotiate while still being mindful of the product's limitations.