Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The capacity is sufficient for use, and there is some market presence indicated by the market score of 0.5, suggesting a moderate demand. However, the lack of detailed traits such as Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, Data Life, and History limits the confidence in a higher valuation. Therefore, the price reflects a cautious approach based on available information.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 and a market score of 0.5, indicating some demand. However, the low data entropy suggests that the data is relatively consistent and reliable. The capacity being "enough" indicates it can handle the required data load. The short data life, however, may limit its long-term utility, but the overall traits still suggest a fair market value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:14575.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the data product's moderate Model Performance Improvement and reliable nature, which indicates a strong demand in the market despite its short data life. I believe this valuation captures the value well and positions us for a fruitful negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. Given the limited details regarding Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, Data Life, and History, I believe this cautious approach is warranted. The high initial offer does not align with the moderate market presence indicated by the score of 0.5. Let's find a more suitable price that reflects the actual value of the data product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. Given the moderate performance of the data product and the strong market demand, I believe this price reflects a fair value while still recognizing the product's potential. Let's find a path forward together.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14500. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the data product's moderate performance and the current market demand. It reflects a fair value while still being a reasonable step forward in our negotiations. Let's continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14600. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between the value of the product and the buyer¡¯s previous offer, while still acknowledging the moderate market presence and performance of the data product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14550. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the value of the data product and its moderate market performance, while still being a reasonable step towards our mutual agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14575. This price reflects a slight increase while still considering the buyer's previous offer of 14550, aiming to find a middle ground that acknowledges the product's moderate performance and market demand.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14550. I believe this price reflects the fair value of the product based on its moderate performance and market demand, while still acknowledging the seller's recent offer. Let's aim to find a resolution that benefits both parties.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14580. This price reflects a slight increase while still considering the buyer's last offer of 14550. It maintains a fair balance between product value and market conditions, aiming to find common ground for a successful deal.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14570. This price represents a slight concession from my previous offer while still reflecting the value I see in the product. I'm looking to keep our negotiations moving forward and find a satisfactory agreement for both parties.