Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '500', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity but lacks clear model performance improvement and has a short data life, which limits its long-term value. With multiple traits being NULL, it raises uncertainty about its effectiveness and market appeal.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.3 suggests a moderate enhancement in processing capabilities, which could be appealing in a competitive market. The low data entropy indicates that the data is likely structured and easier to interpret. However, the short data life raises concerns about longevity and utility, which could decrease value. Given the 0.5 market score, there¡¯s reasonable demand, but the NULL history indicates a lack of track record, which diminishes confidence in the investment.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:615.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the enhanced performance capabilities and structured nature of the data, making it a valuable asset in a competitive environment. While the short data life raises some concerns, the overall potential and moderate market demand justify this price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 400. The product has limited long-term value due to its short data life and uncertainties around its effectiveness, which significantly impacts my willingness to pay more.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 700. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the data's potential and the concerns about its limited long-term value. It acknowledges the buyer's interest while also ensuring I'm not undervaluing the product.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 600. I believe this price accurately reflects the market dynamics and the limited long-term value of the data product while still recognizing its current potential. It represents a reasonable step towards a fair agreement for both parties.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 650. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, recognizing the data's potential while still accounting for its limited long-term value. It¡¯s a reasonable step towards reaching an agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 600. This price reflects my understanding of the data's potential while recognizing the seller's concerns about its limited long-term value. It's a strategic move to find common ground and progress towards a final agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 620. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, acknowledging the data's potential while still considering its limited long-term effectiveness. Let's move closer to an agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 610. I believe this price strikes a fair balance by recognizing the data's potential while still accounting for its limited long-term effectiveness. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.