Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity and a moderate market score, suggesting it could meet demand, but the short data life and several NULL traits limit its overall value. This indicates that while it has potential, the lack of complete information and short lifespan may hinder long-term utility.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has a reasonable Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates some effectiveness in enhancing performance. The capacity is deemed "enough," suggesting it can handle current demands. However, the low data entropy might indicate a lack of variability or richness in the data, which could limit its application. The short data life suggests that the product may not provide long-term value, and the NULL history raises concerns about its reliability or proven success. The market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand. Considering these factors, the expected price reflects a balance of potential and limitations.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1727.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the product's reasonable Model Performance Improvement and sufficient capacity, while also considering its limitations such as low data entropy and short data life. I believe this price captures its potential value in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. The product's limitations, particularly the low data entropy and short data life, significantly impact its overall value. While it demonstrates reasonable potential, I believe a price of 1700 better reflects these shortcomings.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. The product does have reasonable potential, but I believe the limitations, such as low data entropy and short data life, still affect its overall value. This price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges both the strengths and weaknesses of the offering.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1725. The product has some reasonable potential, and while I acknowledge the seller's concerns about its limitations, I believe that the price should reflect a more optimistic outlook on its value. This offer strikes a balance between our perspectives and demonstrates a willingness to move forward in negotiations.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the reasonable potential of the product while considering its limitations. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the value and the constraints associated with the data.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's potential while still acknowledging its limitations. It demonstrates my willingness to engage in a constructive dialogue, ensuring we both find value in this transaction.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1750. The product has reasonable potential, and I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of its value while considering its limitations. Let's move forward.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1720. The product has reasonable potential, and while I acknowledge its limitations, I believe 1720 is a fair compromise that reflects its value more realistically. Let's find common ground and move forward with this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1730. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's potential while acknowledging its limitations, making it a reasonable compromise for both parties.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1725. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the product's potential and the inherent limitations we've discussed. It's a reasonable step forward in our negotiation, and I hope it can facilitate a mutually beneficial agreement.