Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "Despite several traits being NULL, the product has enough capacity and low data entropy, which suggests it can handle data effectively with minimal noise. However, the short data life limits its long-term value. The expected price reflects a balance between the product's capabilities and its limitations.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The model performance improvement of 0.3 indicates that the product has a reasonable capability to enhance performance, which can be appealing to potential users. However, the data life is short, which might limit its long-term usefulness. The low data entropy suggests that the data is organized and reliable, but the lack of historical data (NULL) makes it difficult to fully assess the product's past effectiveness. The market score of 0.5 reflects moderate demand, which supports a mid-range valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1655.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the potential value of our data product, considering its ability to enhance performance significantly. While the data has a short life, its organized and reliable nature makes it a valuable asset for users seeking immediate results.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. The data product has potential, but its short data life significantly limits its long-term value. My offer reflects the need for a more reasonable price that aligns with these limitations while still recognizing its immediate utility.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. The data product has substantial short-term performance value that justifies a higher price, yet I'm willing to adjust my offer to get closer to an agreement. Let's find common ground here.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The value of the data product is indeed noteworthy, but considering its limited long-term utility, I believe this price better reflects its worth. Let's continue to negotiate towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product in the current market, considering its short-term performance while also addressing the buyer's concerns about its long-term utility. This offer aims to foster a mutually beneficial agreement as we move forward.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the product's short-term value and acknowledging its limited long-term utility. This offer reflects my commitment to reaching a fair and mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1675. This price reflects the value of the data product, acknowledging its compelling short-term performance while also considering the buyer's perspective on long-term utility. I believe this is a fair compromise that could lead us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price acknowledges the seller's perspective on the product's value while still reflecting my concerns regarding its limited long-term utility. I believe this offer is a reasonable step toward reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1660. This price reflects the strong short-term performance value of the data product while considering the buyer's concerns about its limited long-term utility. I'm confident this is a fair price that can lead us to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the product¡¯s short-term performance value and its limited long-term utility. It reflects my willingness to engage while still considering the constraints we've discussed.