Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '500', 'reason': "The product has a low data entropy, which suggests that the data is relatively clean and reliable. However, the short data life indicates limited usefulness over time, which may deter potential buyers. The market score of 0.5 implies moderate demand, but the presence of NULL traits (Model Performance Improvement and History) reduces overall confidence in the product's value significantly.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be appealing in the market with a score of 0.5, suggesting a potential demand. However, the data life is short, which may limit long-term usability and value. The low data entropy indicates consistent and reliable data, but the lack of historical data makes it difficult to assess the product's reliability fully. Overall, the expected price reflects a balance between the moderate improvements and the limitations present.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:610.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, combined with the potential demand in the market. While the data life is short, the consistent and reliable nature of the data adds value, and I believe this price captures that balance effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 300. The current offer of 1800 significantly exceeds my valuation, as the data's short lifespan and the presence of NULL traits diminish its overall value. My offer reflects a more realistic assessment of the product's worth in the current market conditions.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 600. While the data has its limitations, I believe its moderate performance improvement and reliability still hold value worth more than the initial low offer. Let's find a middle ground that reflects its potential.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 500. While I appreciate the seller's perspective on the data's potential, I believe a more modest price reflects its current limitations and the short lifespan mentioned earlier. This price acknowledges the reliability but still respects the constraints we face.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 700. The data has shown potential for moderate performance improvements, and while I acknowledge its limitations, I believe this price reflects a fair value for its current capabilities.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 600. While I recognize the seller's perspective on the data's moderate performance improvements, I believe my offer accurately reflects the current value considering the limitations and short lifespan that have been acknowledged in previous discussions.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 650. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the data's limitations while still acknowledging its moderate performance.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 600. I believe this price accurately reflects the data's moderate performance while taking into account its limitations and short lifespan. It's a reasonable offer that balances both sides, and I hope we can reach an agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 620. I believe this price better reflects the data's moderate performance while acknowledging its limitations and short lifespan. This is a reasonable step forward in our negotiations.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 600. This price acknowledges the limitations of the data while still reflecting its moderate performance. I believe it is a fair and reasonable offer in light of our ongoing discussions.