Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be valuable in certain applications. However, the lack of data on entropy, life, history, and market makes it difficult to assess the full potential and applicability of the product. Given these factors, the expected price reflects a cautious valuation of the product's potential based on available information.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating that it can enhance existing models to a certain extent. The market score of 0.5 suggests a reasonable demand, although it is not very high. The capacity being "enough" implies that it can handle the current data needs, but the low data entropy and short data life may limit its long-term utility. Overall, while there are some positive aspects, the short data life and presence of NULL traits (history) temper the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2075.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 and the reasonable market score of 0.5, indicating that while the demand is not soaring, there is still notable value in enhancing existing models.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2000. While I appreciate your offer of 2500, I believe my price reflects a more cautious valuation given the moderate MPI and limited market data. This adjusted price takes into account the potential value while remaining conservative in our approach.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2400. This price reflects a more optimistic evaluation of the market conditions while still being cautious. It acknowledges the potential of the data product and aims for a fair compromise between our previous discussions.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2300. This price strikes a balance between our previous discussions and reflects my confidence in the data product's value while remaining competitive in the current market conditions. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2350. This price reflects a fair compromise between our previous discussions and the value I see in the product, while also acknowledging your recent offer of 2300. I believe this adjustment demonstrates my willingness to find common ground and move forward in the negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2250. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between our previous negotiations and acknowledges the value of the product while allowing room for further discussion. It also positions us closer to an agreement, demonstrating my commitment to reaching a deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2300. This price reflects a balanced approach, considering the previous negotiations while maintaining confidence in the value of the data product. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2200. This price reflects my assessment of the value of the data product while remaining competitive in the negotiation. It shows my willingness to collaborate and find a middle ground, providing a fair opportunity for both parties to reach a satisfactory agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2250. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the previous discussions while maintaining confidence in the product's value. I'm looking to find a mutually beneficial agreement that acknowledges the positive trajectory of our negotiations.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2200. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's current offer while still reflecting the value I see in the product. It presents a fair compromise that recognizes the positive movement in our negotiations, and I am confident this will lead us closer to an agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2200. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while acknowledging the buyer's previous offer of 2250. It allows us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement without undervaluing the quality of the data product.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2150. This price reflects my confidence in the product's value while also acknowledging the seller's current offer. It represents a reasonable compromise that allows us to move closer to an agreement while still being mindful of budget constraints.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2200. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the value of the data product and the current market dynamics, while also acknowledging the buyer's last offer of 2150. Let's move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2100. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that recognizes the value of the data product while also acknowledging the seller's recent offer. It's a step towards a mutually beneficial agreement, and I am confident it will facilitate our negotiation process.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2150. This price reflects my confidence in the product's value while also acknowledging the buyer's previous offer of 2100. It strikes a fair balance between our positions as we move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2050. I believe this price represents a fair compromise, reflecting my continued interest in the product while acknowledging the seller's latest offer of 2150. It moves us closer to an agreement and shows my willingness to negotiate further.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 2100. This reflects a fair compromise considering the buyer's last offer of 2050 while still recognizing the value of the product in the current market. Let's move towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 2050. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, taking into account the seller's last offer of 2100 while still recognizing the value I see in the product. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.