Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a decent level of enhancement in model performance, which can be quite valuable in the data product space. However, the market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand. The presence of NULL traits indicates a lack of information, which limits confidence in the valuation. Overall, the expected price reflects a balance between these factors.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which could attract interest. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle the required data load, and the low data entropy implies the data is reliable and structured. However, the short data life raises concerns about the longevity and usability of the data. Overall, the market score of 0.5 indicates average demand, which balances the positive and negative aspects. Thus, a mid-range price is justified.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1675.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate improvement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, combined with the reliability suggested by low data entropy. The potential for handling sufficient data load also adds value, despite the short data life. I believe this price captures the worth of the product in the current market context.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. The seller's offer is higher than my expected value, and I believe 1600 fairly reflects the moderate enhancement in model performance while considering the market dynamics and uncertainties present in the data product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects a balanced approach, acknowledging the buyer's interest while still valuing the product amid current market conditions.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price reflects my consideration of the seller's recent offer while still acknowledging the value I see in the product. It's a fair midpoint that respects the seller's position and keeps the negotiation moving forward.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1680. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between the previous offers while still acknowledging the product's value and the buyer's interest. Let's move forward with this negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1670. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's position while still aiming for a reasonable compromise. It stays close to their offer and acknowledges the product's value. Let's continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.