Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a decent Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating that it can provide a measurable benefit to users. However, the data life is short, which may limit its long-term value. The market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand, but the presence of NULL traits (Data Entropy and History) creates uncertainty about the overall quality and reliability of the product. This leads to a conservative valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 and a low Data Entropy, which indicates that it could be reliable and effective in certain applications. However, the short Data Life and NULL History suggest limitations in long-term usability and lack of proven track record. The market demand is average (0.5), which supports a moderate price expectation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1515.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. Given the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the potential reliability in certain applications, I believe this price reflects the value of the data product effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. While I acknowledge the moderate Model Performance Improvement, the short data life and the presence of NULL traits create uncertainty about the overall quality and reliability of the product. This leads me to a more conservative valuation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement and reliability that I believe the data product can provide, while still considering the concerns over its short data life and NULL traits.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the moderate Model Performance Improvement and reliability the data product offers while also addressing the seller's valid concerns regarding its short data life and NULL traits. This price is reasonable and allows for a fair negotiation moving forward.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1550. This price reflects my understanding of the product's moderate Model Performance Improvement and reliability while still acknowledging the concerns about its short data life and NULL traits. I believe this is a fair compromise that can facilitate a successful negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the data product's moderate Model Performance Improvement and reliability, while also considering the seller's concerns about its short data life and NULL traits. I'm confident this offer can move us closer to a successful agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's moderate performance and reliability, while also considering the concerns surrounding its short data life and NULL traits. This allows us to continue the negotiation effectively and work towards a mutually beneficial deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price is reasonable considering the product's moderate performance and reliability, while still taking into account the noted concerns about its short data life and NULL traits. This approach allows us to stay in a constructive negotiation and work toward a deal that is beneficial for both parties.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1550. This price reflects a fair assessment of the product's moderate performance and reliability, while also addressing the concerns about its short data life. I believe this amount is reasonable for both parties to reach an agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price accurately reflects the product's moderate performance and reliability while also considering the seller's concerns about its short data life. This amount maintains a fair balance that could facilitate a swift agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1525. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the buyer's concerns about the product's short data life while still recognizing its moderate performance improvements and reliability. Let's move towards a resolution.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price reflects the product's moderate performance improvements and reliability while still considering the concerns about its short data life. Let's aim for a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1520. This price reflects a slight adjustment while still acknowledging the product's moderate performance and the concerns regarding its short data life. I believe this is a reasonable compromise that can facilitate a successful deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1510. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's attempt to find common ground while still valuing the moderate performance of the product, albeit with the acknowledged concerns regarding its short data life. I believe this offer strikes a fair balance that keeps the negotiation moving forward.