Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a notable enhancement in performance, which is valuable for users seeking to optimize their models. Although several traits are NULL, the low data entropy suggests that the data is reliable and consistent, which can attract potential buyers. However, the overall lack of additional information limits the price potential.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating its potential effectiveness in improving model performance. However, the data life is short, which may limit long-term utility. The low data entropy suggests that the data is reliable but may not be very diverse. The market demand score of 0.5 indicates moderate interest, which supports a reasonable price point. Overall, the combination of these factors leads to a moderate expected price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:5710.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 that our data product provides, showcasing its potential effectiveness in enhancing model performance. Although the data has a short life span and low diversity, the moderate market demand indicates that this product has considerable value for the right buyer.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4900. While the Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 is impressive, the short life span and low diversity of the data product raise concerns about its long-term value. Therefore, I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the data's current market potential.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5800. The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 is significant, and I believe the value of this data product justifies a higher price, while I am willing to slightly adjust my price to facilitate a deal.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5700. The seller's adjustment shows a willingness to negotiate, and while I acknowledge the significance of the Model Performance Improvement, I still have concerns about the product's longevity and diversity. This price reflects my confidence in finding a middle ground that respects both our positions.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5750. I believe this price reflects the significant value of the data product while also taking into account the buyer's concerns about longevity and diversity. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price maintains our negotiation momentum while addressing the concerns of longevity and diversity. It shows my willingness to engage further, and I hope we can reach a favorable agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5725. I believe this price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's significant Model Performance Improvement while also addressing the buyer's concerns about its longevity and diversity. This adjustment allows us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price maintains a fair balance between the significant Model Performance Improvement and the concerns regarding longevity and diversity that have been previously discussed. This offer reflects my willingness to negotiate while still valuing the product appropriately.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5720. This price reflects my confidence in the significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of the data product while considering the buyer's ongoing concerns about longevity and diversity. I'm willing to engage further and find common ground for both parties.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price reflects a fair value for the data product while still addressing my concerns about its longevity and diversity. It allows us to move forward in our negotiations and find common ground.