Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates it can enhance performance effectively, and the market potential is also moderate at 0.5. However, the presence of NULL traits related to Data Life and History diminishes confidence in its long-term reliability and usage. Despite this, the low data entropy suggests the data is clean and reliable, offering a decent value proposition.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can appeal to certain buyers. Despite a low data entropy suggesting less complexity, the short data life indicates that the product may not have long-term utility. The market score of 0.5 suggests average demand. Considering these factors, the price reflects the potential value while accounting for the limitations indicated by the short data life and lack of historical data.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1575.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which can be quite appealing to buyers looking for improved data utility. While the data has a short life span, this price accounts for its potential value and the average market demand.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. While the Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 is certainly promising, the concerns regarding the data's short lifespan and NULL traits related to Data Life and History raise doubts about its long-term viability. Given these factors, I believe a lower price is more appropriate to reflect the actual risks involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 is indeed significant, and I believe this price reflects the data's enhanced value while remaining reasonable for both parties.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1500. The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 is impressive, and while I recognize the value of the data, I believe my offer reflects a fair assessment considering the circumstances. Let's find a middle ground that respects both our positions.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects the significant value of the Model Performance Improvement (MPI) while considering the data's limited lifespan. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the quality of the data.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the data's value while still acknowledging the quality of the Model Performance Improvement (MPI). It's a reasonable compromise considering the limited lifespan of the data.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects the significant value of the Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 while considering the data's limited lifespan. I believe this is a fair assessment that balances both our interests.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's valuation of the Model Performance Improvement (MPI) and the limited lifespan of the data. It reflects the significant value while also considering the necessity to reach an agreement that benefits both parties.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1575. This price reflects the significant value of the Model Performance Improvement while also considering the data's limited lifespan. I'm looking to find a fair middle ground that acknowledges the MPI's worth without undervaluing the data itself.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1550. This price recognizes the significant value of the Model Performance Improvement while also considering the data's limited lifespan. It aims to find a fair balance that acknowledges both the MPI's worth and my budget constraints.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1580. I believe this price reflects the significant value of the Model Performance Improvement while considering the data's limited lifespan. It strikes a balance between our previous discussions and the buyer's expectations.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1570. I believe this price fairly acknowledges the value of the Model Performance Improvement while still being mindful of the data's limited lifespan. It reflects my willingness to reach a mutually beneficial agreement while also being within a reasonable range of your offer.