Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be valuable. However, the data life is short, and the lack of historical data and market information implies uncertainty regarding its long-term applicability and demand. The low data entropy suggests a more predictable data set, which is beneficial. Overall, the product has potential but lacks sufficient market context to command a high price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': "The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates some level of effectiveness. The capacity is adequate, and data entropy is low, suggesting that the data is well-organized and reliable. However, the short data life may limit its long-term value. The market value of 0.5 indicates a fair demand, but the lack of historical data (NULL) raises some concerns about the product's track record. Overall, the product has potential but with limitations.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2407.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the organized nature of the data, indicating its potential value despite some limitations.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2400. While the seller's price reflects the potential value of the data, I believe my offer is more aligned with the current uncertainties regarding its applicability and demand in the market. This adjustment acknowledges the moderate performance improvement while still being cautious about the product's long-term viability.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2450. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's current market viability and the buyer's previous offer, while also accommodating some negotiation flexibility.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2400. This price aligns with my previous offer and reflects my assessment of the product's value given the current market conditions. I believe it¡¯s a fair starting point for our negotiations.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2425. This price reflects my consideration of the market's current conditions while also acknowledging the value that your last offer represents. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes both the product's potential and the need for a reasonable negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2400. This price is a reflection of my assessment of the data product's value in the current market, and it maintains consistency with my previous offers. I believe it serves as a reasonable offer given the ongoing negotiations and the market conditions.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2415. This price reflects a slight increase from my last offer, taking into account the buyer's consistent interest and the current market dynamics, while still maintaining a fair assessment of the product's value.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2400. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation considering the previous offers and current market conditions. It demonstrates my continued interest while aiming to find common ground for both parties.