Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates potential value in enhancing predictive capabilities. Additionally, the market relevance score of 0.5 suggests there is a moderate demand for this type of product. However, the short data life and low data entropy may limit its long-term applicability, and the NULL history indicates a lack of concrete performance data over time. This combination leads to a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 suggests a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be appealing in certain markets. With a market rating of 0.5 and low data entropy indicating stability and reliability, the product has potential value, although the short data life could limit its longevity and utility. The lack of historical data does reduce confidence, but the overall traits suggest a product that could still hold value in a relevant market.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2425.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 3000. This price reflects the product's moderate enhancement in performance and its potential value in specific markets, despite its short data life and lack of historical data. I believe this price accurately captures the unique attributes of the data product.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2000. While the product shows some potential value, the short data life and lack of historical performance data significantly limit its long-term applicability. Therefore, a lower price is more aligned with its current market relevance.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2800.0. This price reflects the unique features and moderate performance enhancements of the product while also considering the buyer's concerns about its short data life. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the value of the product and the buyer's perspective.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2700.0. While I appreciate the seller's acknowledgment of the product's unique features, I still have strong reservations about the short data life. This price reflects my willingness to negotiate while maintaining a cautious approach to the value that the product delivers.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2750. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the unique features of the product and the buyer's concerns about its data life. It allows us to move closer to an agreement while still recognizing the value of what I'm offering.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2650. I believe this price strikes a better balance considering the product's short data life and the skepticism I've expressed in previous rounds about its overall value. It acknowledges the seller's unique features while still being mindful of my concerns.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2700. Given the previous discussions and the unique features of the product, I believe this price reflects a fair compromise while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about data life.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2600. I believe this price is a reasonable reflection of the product's limitations, particularly its short data life, while still acknowledging the seller's position on its unique features. This represents a fair compromise as we continue our negotiations.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2650. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's unique features while being mindful of the buyer's concerns regarding its data life. It's a fair step forward in our negotiations.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2550. This price acknowledges the seller's current offer while still reflecting my concerns about the product's limitations, specifically its short data life. I believe this is a reasonable step forward in our negotiations, and it keeps us moving toward a potential agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2600. This price reflects a fair valuation of the product's unique features while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about its short data life. It aims for a reasonable agreement that considers both parties' positions.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2500. This price takes into account the seller's most recent offer while still reflecting my concerns about the product's short data life and overall value. I'm looking for a reasonable compromise that acknowledges both the unique features and the limitations of the product.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2550. This price reflects a fair assessment of the product's unique features while addressing the buyer's concerns about its short data life. I'm confident that this compromise can lead to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2450. I believe this price better reflects the product's limitations while still acknowledging its unique features. I'm keen to find a middle ground that respects both our positions and facilitates a successful agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's unique features and its limitations regarding data life, while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns. Let's find a mutually agreeable solution.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2400. I believe this price reflects a fair consideration of the product's limitations, especially its short data life, while still acknowledging the unique features it presents. It's crucial we reach a mutually beneficial agreement, and I hope this offer brings us closer to that goal.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 2450. This price reflects a fair compromise, recognizing the product's unique features while considering the buyer's ongoing concerns about its limitations. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 2400. I believe this price reflects the product's limitations while still acknowledging its unique features. It¡¯s a step towards a fair agreement as we approach the final rounds. Let's work together to finalize this deal.