Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The market score of 0.3 suggests a relatively low demand or market interest for the product. Despite having enough capacity, the absence of critical information such as Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy limits the product's attractiveness. Therefore, the value is set conservatively.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating it has the potential to enhance outcomes. Additionally, the data capacity is sufficient, and the low data entropy suggests that the data is well-structured and reliable. However, the medium data life and lack of historical data may limit its long-term value. The market score of 0.3 suggests a niche demand but not a saturated market, which could support a moderate price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1570.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 and the well-structured nature of the data, which indicates its potential to enhance outcomes despite some limitations. I believe this figure captures the value of the data product effectively while also allowing room for negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price better reflects the limited demand indicated by the market score and the uncertainty surrounding the Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy. It allows for a fair starting point in our negotiations while remaining within my valuation constraints.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects a more balanced view of the data's value, considering the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the ongoing demand in the market. It positions us closer to a fair agreement while still recognizing the potential for growth in this area.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1550. This price takes into consideration the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my position on the data's value. It acknowledges the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the potential for growth, but remains cautious given market uncertainties.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1580. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between our previous offers, considering the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the current market dynamics. It positions us closer to an agreement while still acknowledging the value of the data product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1560. I believe this price strikes a balance between our previous discussions and acknowledges the seller's perspective on value while still moving us forward toward a fair agreement.