Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'While several important traits are NULL, the low data entropy suggests that the data is stable and less noisy, which can be valuable for certain applications. The capacity being "enough" indicates that the product can handle current demands, although the overall uncertainty due to the NULL traits limits potential high valuation.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '8000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating that it can enhance outcomes effectively. The capacity being "enough" suggests it can handle current demands, while low data entropy points to quality data that is reliable and easier to work with. The medium data life suggests it has a reasonable timeframe for use, but the lack of historical data could make potential users hesitant. The market value of 0.4 indicates moderate demand, which can support a reasonable price point.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 9000. This price reflects the significant model performance improvement of 0.3, the quality of the data indicated by low entropy, and the reasonable timeframe of medium data life. I believe this value is justified given the product's potential to enhance outcomes effectively in the current market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. While the data shows potential with its low entropy, the NULL traits limit its overall value significantly. My offer reflects a cautious approach given the uncertainties involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 6000. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while considering the limitations previously discussed. It strikes a balance between our positions and acknowledges the potential for performance improvements. Let's move forward with this offer.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5900. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the performance improvements and quality data, while still acknowledging the limitations we've discussed. This offer showcases my commitment to reaching an agreement that benefits both parties. Let's move forward with this negotiation.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects both the value of the data product and addresses the limitations previously discussed, maintaining a fair middle ground.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5900. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance, considering the value of the data product while still acknowledging the limitations we've discussed. This offer reflects my confidence in the improvements and quality, yet remains mindful of the concerns raised.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the value of the product while considering the performance improvements and limitations we've discussed. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the product's strengths and the buyer's concerns.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5900. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the product's value and the limitations we've discussed. It acknowledges the seller's perspective while reflecting my confidence in the product's potential. Let's move closer to finalizing this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 6000. I believe this price reflects the quality and value of the data product while allowing for a fair compromise, considering the limitations discussed in previous rounds. Let's move forward with this understanding.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5900. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's valuation while still reflecting my concerns about the product's limitations. It's a fair compromise that allows us to move forward and finalize the deal efficiently.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5900. This price reflects a fair valuation of the data product, taking into account both its quality and the limitations we've discussed. It allows us to move closer to an agreement while acknowledging the product's strengths and the buyer's concerns.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5800. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, taking into account the limitations we've discussed while still valuing the quality of the data product. It allows us to inch closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5800. This price reflects my confidence in the product's value while being reasonable given the buyer's previous offer and the ongoing discussions about its limitations. I believe this is a fair compromise that can lead us towards a successful agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's confidence in the product and my ongoing assessment of its limitations. It reflects my commitment to reaching a fair agreement while still considering the value I see in the data product.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5700. This price reflects my willingness to find common ground while acknowledging the limitations of the data product. I believe it's a fair compromise that recognizes both the product's potential and the buyer's perspective.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5600. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the limitations of the data product and its potential value. It demonstrates my continued interest in reaching a fair agreement while considering both parties' perspectives.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5700. I believe this price reflects the ongoing negotiation dynamics and acknowledges the buyer's interest while maintaining the product's perceived value. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5500. I believe this price is a fair acknowledgment of the product's value while also reflecting the ongoing negotiation dynamics and the limitations discussed in previous rounds. Let's continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiation dynamics and acknowledges the product's value while remaining competitive.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price acknowledges the ongoing negotiation dynamics while still recognizing the product's value. It's a reasonable step towards closing the deal successfully.