Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity and low data entropy, which indicates a stable and reliable dataset. However, the lack of information regarding Model Performance Improvement and Data Life, combined with a moderate market demand of 0.4, suggests that while the product has some value, it is limited. The expected price reflects a fair valuation given these traits.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 and is positioned in a market with a score of 0.4, indicating a reasonable demand. The low data entropy suggests that the data is reliable and can lead to consistent results. However, the medium data life and lack of historical data may limit long-term value. Overall, the product has potential but is not without its limitations.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:5075.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the potential of our data product, showcasing a moderate Model Performance Improvement and reliable data quality, which can drive significant value for your needs.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. Given the product's limitations, including the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement and Data Life, I believe this is a fair starting point for our negotiation. While I recognize its potential, the moderate market demand suggests that the price should be significantly lower than what is currently offered.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the exceptional quality and reliability of the product, while also considering the buyer's perspective on market demand. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges both value and current market conditions.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5400. This price reflects my understanding of the product's value while still considering current market conditions and my budget constraints. I'm aiming for a fair deal that recognizes both sides.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects the exceptional quality and strong market demand of the product. It¡¯s a fair compromise, considering the buyer's last offer of 5400, which is quite close to my valuation. Let's find a way to make this work!
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's valuation and my budget constraints, while still recognizing the quality of the product. I'm eager to find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5400. This price reflects the exceptional quality of the product and aligns closely with the previous negotiations, showcasing a willingness to reach a fair compromise while still valuing the product's true worth.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5300. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the quality of the product while still considering my budget constraints. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5400. This price reflects the exceptional quality and market demand for the product while also being a fair compromise between our previous offers. Let's work towards concluding this deal effectively.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5300. This price continues to reflect a fair compromise while being mindful of my budget constraints. I believe it respects the quality of the product while still aiming for a reasonable agreement. Let's move closer to finalizing this deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5300. This price reflects the exceptional quality of the product and the consistent market demand, while also being a reasonable compromise considering the buyer's previous offers.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5200. This price acknowledges the seller's emphasis on quality and market demand while still aligning with my budget constraints. I believe this is a fair compromise that respects both the product's value and my financial limits.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5250. This price reflects a solid compromise, taking into account the product's exceptional quality and the ongoing negotiations. I believe this is a fair value considering the market dynamics and your previous offer.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5150. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise while respecting the quality of the product and my budget constraints. It's a step towards closing this deal, and I hope we can reach an agreement soon.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5200. This price reflects the product's undeniable quality and the current market trends while remaining competitive. Let's find a middle ground that satisfies both parties.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5100. This price not only respects the quality of the product but also considers my budget constraints. I'm looking to close the deal and hope we can reach an agreement that benefits us both.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5150. Given the ongoing negotiations and the product's consistent quality, this price reflects a fair compromise while still acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints. Let's work towards closing this deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5050. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that reflects the consistent quality of the product while also considering my budget constraints. Let's move closer to finalizing this deal.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5100. This price reflects the product's exceptional quality and the continued interest in the market, while also considering the buyer's budget constraints. Let's find a middle ground that respects the value of what I'm offering and the buyer's needs.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5050. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise given the product's quality and my budget constraints. Let's finalize this deal with a price that acknowledges both the value of the product and my needs as a buyer.