Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has a medium data life and low data entropy, which indicates stability and reliability in the data it provides. However, the NULL traits, especially for model performance improvement and history, limit the product¡¯s overall attractiveness. The market value of 0.4 suggests a moderate demand, which also affects pricing. Given these conditions, a price of 1500 reflects a reasonable valuation considering the traits available.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be attractive to certain users. The capacity being sufficient suggests that the product can handle the necessary workload, and low data entropy implies a more predictable and manageable dataset. However, the medium data life indicates that the product may not be sustainable for long-term use, and the market value of 0.4 suggests limited demand. Overall, these factors indicate a reasonable but cautious valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1685.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the model performance improvement of 0.3, along with the product's sufficient capacity and low data entropy, which make it a valuable asset for users seeking reliability.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. The offered price of 1800 is above my valuation considering the product's limitations, including NULL traits affecting model performance improvement and history. A price of 1400 reflects a more realistic assessment of its medium data life and moderate market demand.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the quality and value of the product while taking into consideration the buyer's perspective on limitations. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price reflects my understanding of the product's limitations while also recognizing the seller's position. I believe it is a fair midpoint that considers both quality and value effectively.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1725. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's value and the feedback received, while still aiming for a fair compensation for its quality.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1675. This price acknowledges the seller's perspective while still reflecting my evaluation of the product's limitations. It aims to strike a fair balance between the quality of the offering and my budget constraints.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects the product's quality while considering the buyer's previous offers and budget constraints. It¡¯s a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the product while remaining attractive to the buyer.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price reflects my recognition of the product's quality while also considering the seller's latest offer. It maintains a reasonable balance between my budget constraints and the perceived value of the product.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1690. This price reflects the quality and potential of the product while considering the buyer's previous offers. I believe this is a fair middle ground that acknowledges the value while remaining competitive.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1680. This price represents a reasonable adjustment based on the seller's latest offer while still reflecting my assessment of the product's value and potential. I believe this amount can lead us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.