Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a notable enhancement in the model's predictive capabilities, which is valuable for users looking to optimize their data-driven decisions. However, the lack of data on life, history, and market limits the overall assessment of the product's longevity and market applicability. Given these factors, a moderate price is justified based on the performance improvement, but the uncertainty due to missing traits lowers the confidence level.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The product demonstrates a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 and operates in a market with a demand rating of 0.4. The data capacity is sufficient, and the low data entropy indicates that the data is clean and reliable. However, the medium data life suggests that while the data is still relevant, it may not have long-term viability. The lack of historical data can reduce confidence in the product's performance over time. Overall, the combination of these factors suggests a reasonable price for a product with potential but some limitations.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1675.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the clean, reliable data that our product provides. While there are some limitations regarding its long-term viability, I believe the value we are offering justifies this higher price.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. The seller¡¯s price of 1800 does not align with my valuation of the product, considering the limitations on long-term viability and missing data. While I recognize the moderate Model Performance Improvement, I believe a more reasonable offer reflects the uncertainties involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the valuable moderate Model Performance Improvement and the reliability of the data, while still being mindful of the buyer's concerns regarding limitations and uncertainties. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the quality of the product.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price fairly accounts for the product's limitations and uncertainties while acknowledging the seller's points about moderate Model Performance Improvement and data reliability. This offer reflects my willingness to negotiate while still being mindful of the overall value.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1700. I believe this price reflects the excellent quality of the product and its consistent performance, while also acknowledging the buyer's concerns about limitations. It's a fair midpoint that encourages further negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1650. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's perspective on quality and performance while still addressing the concerns regarding the product's limitations. This offer demonstrates my willingness to negotiate further while remaining realistic about the value at hand.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1680. I believe this price reflects the quality and performance of the product while also considering the buyer's perspective on limitations. It strikes a balance that could lead to a successful deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1670. This price takes into account the seller's latest offer while remaining mindful of the product's limitations and uncertainties. It demonstrates my commitment to reaching a fair agreement that reflects the product's value and the ongoing negotiations.