Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a sufficient capacity and a market rating of 0.5, indicating moderate demand. However, the lack of key traits like Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy limits the overall value and potential performance insights.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates a potential for enhancing existing models. The low data entropy suggests that the product is reliable and the data is structured well, which is appealing for users seeking consistency. Although the data life is medium and there is no historical data available, the market score of 0.5 indicates a reasonable level of demand. Overall, these factors contribute to a favorable valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:4775.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the strong potential of the data product, which shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 and reliable, well-structured data. The favorable market score of 0.5 suggests a solid demand for this product.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4800. While I acknowledge the seller's perspective on the product's potential and demand, the lack of key traits like Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy limits my valuation. Therefore, I believe 4800 is a fair starting point for our negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. I believe this price reflects a more balanced value considering the potential of the data product while also acknowledging the concerns raised about some missing traits. Let's find a middle ground that recognizes both the market demand and the product's current standing.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this price better aligns with the potential of the data product, while also considering the seller's concerns about missing traits. It reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges both the value I see in the product and the seller's perspective. Let's continue to negotiate towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 4950. I believe this is a reasonable compromise that reflects the value of the data product while acknowledging the buyer's concerns about its missing traits. This price positions us closer to an agreement and keeps the negotiation moving forward.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 4850. This price strikes a balance between recognizing the seller's value proposition and addressing the concerns regarding the data product's missing traits. It's a step towards finding common ground while still being mindful of my budget.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 4900. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the product's value and the buyer's budget constraints while still acknowledging the missing traits that have been discussed.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 4800. This price represents my continued commitment to valuing the data product while remaining aware of the missing traits that impact its overall worth. I believe this amount is a reasonable reflection of the current negotiation dynamics and my budget constraints.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 4850. This price reflects a realistic assessment of the data product¡¯s potential while considering the ongoing negotiations and the buyer¡¯s previous offers. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the value of the product and the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4800. This price aligns with my previous offers and reflects my assessment of the product's value while still being considerate of my budget constraints. I believe this is a reasonable offer that acknowledges the seller's position while also aiming for a fair deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 4850. This price reflects a fair assessment of the product while acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints and the ongoing negotiation dynamics. I believe this is a reasonable compromise that can lead us to a successful close.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the product's value while staying within my budget constraints. It keeps the negotiation moving forward and maintains the potential for a successful close.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4800. This price reflects my consistent assessment of the product's value while acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints. I believe it is a fair compromise considering the circumstances we've discussed in previous rounds.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4750. I believe this is a reasonable adjustment that acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my understanding of the product's value and my budget constraints. This price demonstrates my willingness to negotiate and find common ground as we move forward in this deal.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects the current market value of the data product while taking into account its missing traits. It¡¯s a fair compromise considering the previous rounds and the buyer¡¯s last offer. Let¡¯s move forward with this.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4750. I believe this price is a reasonable reflection of the ongoing negotiations and maintains my commitment to securing a fair deal while still considering the seller's position and the product's value. Let¡¯s continue working towards an agreement.