Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has a medium data life and enough capacity, which indicates it can provide value in the market despite several NULL traits. The market demand is moderate (0.5), suggesting a niche appeal rather than widespread adoption, which supports a lower price point.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 and a low data entropy, suggesting it has reliable and stable data. Although the history is NULL, indicating a lack of past performance data, the medium data life and sufficient capacity support its ongoing relevance. The market score of 0.5 indicates a fair demand, which, together with the other traits, justifies a reasonable price point.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1490.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the reliable nature of the data, which holds ongoing relevance in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. The data product has a medium data life and several NULL traits, which suggests a lower value than the offered price. Given the moderate market demand, I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of its worth.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1500. The data has medium life and its performance is moderate, which supports a reasonable price adjustment. This offer reflects a balance between our positions and aims for a fair compromise.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1450. The data's medium life and moderate performance suggest it holds decent value, but I believe a slight adjustment is necessary to reach a more appealing compromise for both parties.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1550. The data's moderate performance and medium life justify a slightly higher price, reflecting its overall value while still being reasonable for both parties.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1500. The data's moderate performance and medium life merit a price that reflects its fair value, and this offer aligns with our previous discussions while remaining attractive for both sides.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the moderate model performance and the reliable data quality we have discussed. This offer also recognizes the value of the product while keeping our negotiations progressive.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the moderate model performance and the reliable data quality we've discussed. It maintains a balance between recognizing the product's value and ensuring that we keep the negotiations moving forward.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1550. This price reflects the moderate performance and medium life of the data, balancing both the value I see in it and the buyer's previous offers.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price fairly reflects the moderate performance and medium life of the data, while also acknowledging the seller's current offer. It provides a reasonable compromise that allows us to make progress in our negotiation.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1525. This price reflects the data's moderate performance and medium life while providing a reasonable compromise that considers our previous discussions. I'm confident this is a fair value for both parties.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1500. This price maintains our previous discussions and reflects the data's moderate performance and medium life, while still being a reasonable compromise between both parties. I believe this is a fair offer to move the negotiation forward.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1500. This price reflects the moderate performance and medium life of the data, while also considering the previous offers made in our discussions. I believe this is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the value of the data while ensuring a fair exchange.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1480. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while reflecting my recognition of the data's moderate performance and medium life. I believe this is a fair adjustment that still values the data appropriately while moving us closer to an agreement.