Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.25, 0.25), 'capacity': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_entrophy': ('NULL', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('short', 'short'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.25 indicates a noticeable enhancement in performance, which can be attractive to potential users looking to optimize their models. However, the short data life limits its long-term utility and the lack of information on other traits (such as capacity, data entropy, history, and market) creates uncertainty. Therefore, while there is value in the performance improvement, the overall lack of comprehensive data suggests a moderate price.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) at 0.25 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be attractive in competitive markets. However, the short data life and several NULL traits limit its potential. Given the market rating of 0.5, there is moderate demand, but the overall uncertainty due to NULL traits leads to a cautious valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2817.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects the moderate enhancement in performance indicated by the Model Performance Improvement and the potential value it brings in competitive markets despite the limitations of short data life and NULL traits.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 3000. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the Model Performance Improvement and the limitations of the data product, balancing the value it provides against its short lifespan and the uncertainty regarding other traits.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2800. This price reflects the significant improvements in model performance while also accounting for the inherent limitations we've discussed, such as the short data life and uncertainty in traits. I'm confident this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the product while remaining competitive in the market.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2700. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the model's substantial performance enhancements while still recognizing the limitations we've discussed. I'm confident this price represents a fair and competitive offer that acknowledges the product's value without disregarding the existing challenges.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2900. This price reflects the significant improvements in model performance while still considering the limitations that have been discussed. I believe it strikes a good balance for both parties and offers a fair value for the data product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2750. This price effectively balances the significant performance enhancements we¡¯ve discussed while still considering the limitations of the model. It reflects a fair value for both parties and keeps the negotiations moving forward constructively.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2850. This price reflects a strong balance between the significant performance improvements of the model and the limitations it carries. I believe this offer is fair and justifiable, considering the context of our discussions and the value at stake.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2800. This price acknowledges the significant performance improvements of the model while remaining realistic about its limitations, ensuring a balanced deal that benefits both parties.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2825. This price reflects the significant performance improvements of the model while still acknowledging the existing limitations. It aims for a fair balance for both parties as we move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2810. This price reflects a careful consideration of the model's significant performance improvements while still recognizing the inherent limitations. It aims to create a fair middle ground as we work towards a beneficial agreement for both parties.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2820. This price reflects a fair acknowledgment of the model's significant performance improvements, while also considering the limitations that have been discussed. I believe this offer strikes a balance that is beneficial for both parties as we move closer to a final agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2815. This price represents a fair compromise, reflecting the significant performance improvements of the model while still acknowledging its limitations. I believe this offer continues to move us toward a mutually beneficial agreement.