Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has enough capacity and low data entropy, indicating that it can handle data effectively and is likely to provide reliable insights. However, the missing traits, such as Model Performance Improvement and Data Life, limit its overall value. The market rating of 0.5 suggests moderate demand, further supporting a conservative pricing approach.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': "The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a significant enhancement in outcomes, which is a strong positive trait. The capacity being adequate suggests that the product can handle the expected data load, while low data entropy implies a stable and predictable dataset. However, the medium data life and lack of historical data could limit the product's long-term applicability and reliability, slightly tempering the overall value. The market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand, which supports a reasonable price point.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects the significant enhancement in outcomes due to the model performance improvement of 0.3, which is a strong positive trait. The product's adequate capacity and stable dataset further justify this premium price, despite some limitations in data life and historical context.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1200. Given the limitations in data life and the moderate market rating of 0.5, this price reflects a more conservative valuation of the product. While I acknowledge the model performance improvement, the overall value is constrained.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2200. I believe this price reflects both the significant performance improvement of 0.3 and the robust capacity of the product, while also being a reasonable compromise given the buyer's concerns about data life limitations. Let's move forward with this deal.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1800. This price reflects my continued concern regarding the data life limitations while acknowledging the seller's argument about the performance improvement. I'm aiming for a more balanced position that respects both sides. Let's find common ground.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2100. I believe this price reflects the significant performance improvements and capacity of the product while being a reasonable step towards meeting the buyer's budget concerns.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price is a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's performance improvements while still addressing my budget constraints. It reflects a balance between the value of the product and my financial considerations.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2050. This price reflects the strong performance improvements of the product while addressing the buyer's concerns about data life limitations. It's a balanced offer that considers both value and budget constraints. Let's move forward.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's recent performance improvements while still reflecting my ongoing concerns about data life. This offer aims to find a middle ground, allowing us to make progress towards a deal that benefits both sides.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2025. This price reflects the strong performance improvements and the capacity of the product while being a slight adjustment to encourage a productive negotiation. I'm confident this is a fair and reasonable offer.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2000. This price reflects my recognition of the product's performance improvements while staying within my financial constraints. I believe this offer balances value with my budgetary considerations, and I hope it encourages us to reach an agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2020. This price reflects a solid balance between the strong performance improvements and the budget considerations we've discussed. I believe this offer is fair and conducive to reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1910. I believe this price reflects a fair consideration of the seller's performance improvements while still being mindful of my budget constraints. It's a strategic move to get closer to an agreement while also showing that I'm serious about finalizing this deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2000. Given the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's last offer of 1910, I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, balancing the product's improved performance and the buyer's budget considerations. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1950. This price reflects a strong consideration of the product's performance improvements while still being mindful of my budget constraints. It's a reasonable step towards finalizing this deal, and I believe it represents a fair value for both parties.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1980. This price reflects my understanding of the value of the product and takes into account the buyer's budget constraints while still acknowledging the significant performance improvements our product offers. Let¡¯s work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1870. This price reflects my continued assessment of the product's value while still considering my budget constraints. I believe this offer is reasonable given the performance improvements discussed, and I hope we can find common ground to finalize this deal.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 1950. This price reflects a significant consideration of both the product's strong performance improvements and the buyer's budget constraints. I believe this is a fair compromise that brings us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 1850. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between acknowledging the product's performance improvements and my budget constraints. It positions us closer to a deal while respecting both parties' interests.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 1900. Given the ongoing dialogue, this price reflects a balance between the product's strong performance improvements and the budget constraints we've been discussing. I believe this is a reasonable step towards finalizing our deal.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 1800. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the product's performance improvements while still considering my budget constraints. I believe this offer is a fair compromise that brings us closer to finalizing the deal.