Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity and low data entropy, indicating a stable and reliable dataset. However, the lack of information regarding Model Performance Improvement and history limits the valuation potential. Given the medium data life, it may still hold value for certain applications, especially in a niche market.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a reasonable enhancement that can attract users looking for better performance. A low data entropy suggests that the data is well-structured and reliable, which is a positive trait for potential buyers. The medium data life implies that the product has a decent lifespan in the market. The market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand, which supports a fair valuation. However, the lack of historical data limits the confidence in potential performance and adoption.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:4675.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the strong Model Performance Improvement and the well-structured nature of the data, which is likely to attract buyers seeking enhanced performance. Additionally, the medium data life indicates a reasonable lifespan in the market, supporting this valuation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. The seller's price is significantly above my expected value, and I believe that given the medium data life and limited information on Model Performance Improvement, a lower price is more appropriate for this dataset's valuation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5000. I believe this price reflects a more balanced perspective considering the medium data lifespan and the potential for strong model performance improvement. This amount acknowledges the value of the data while remaining realistic based on our previous discussions.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 4900. I believe this revised price better reflects my appreciation of the data's value while still being mindful of the seller's concerns regarding data lifespan and performance. This amount shows my commitment to reaching a fair agreement without straying too far from my previous offers.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5000. The data has demonstrated significant potential, and I believe this price reflects both its value and the need for a fair compromise in our negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 4800. The data's potential is clear, but I believe we can reach a more balanced agreement that reflects both value and the current market conditions.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 4900. This price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the data's value while considering the market conditions we've discussed. Let's move forward with this reasonable offer.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects the value of the data while also acknowledging the seller's perspective and the current market conditions. Let's work towards closing this deal efficiently.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 4900. I believe this price acknowledges the value of the data while also being a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's previous offers.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 4800. I believe this price reflects the ongoing negotiations and acknowledges the value of the data while still being a fair offer from my side. Let's continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 4800. This price reflects my understanding of the data's value while considering the ongoing negotiations and market conditions. I'm looking for a balanced agreement that acknowledges the worth of the data without overextending.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 4700. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between recognizing the value of the data while also considering the previous negotiations. It reflects my willingness to compromise while still being mindful of the market conditions we've discussed.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 4750. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the value of the data, while still aiming to reach a mutually beneficial agreement with the buyer.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 4650. I believe this price is a reasonable adjustment considering the seller's latest offer, maintaining respect for the value of the data while also pushing for a more advantageous deal for myself.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 4700. This price reflects my understanding of the data's value while also considering the buyer's previous offers and the need for a reasonable compromise.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 4650. This price demonstrates my appreciation for the data's potential while also acknowledging the seller's recent offer. It's a strategic move to maintain momentum in our negotiations and reach a favorable agreement for both parties.