Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a reasonable level of enhancement, while the market size of 0.5 suggests moderate demand. The low data entropy indicates a stable quality of data, which is beneficial for potential users. However, the NULL values for Data Life and History limit the confidence in the product's longevity and historical performance. Given these factors, a price of 1500 reflects a balance between the positive attributes and the uncertainties.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The product shows a moderate model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating it can enhance existing models, which is appealing in a market with a rating of 0.5. The low data entropy suggests that the data is reliable and structured, further adding to the product's value. However, the medium data life and lack of historical data may limit long-term use, which slightly reduces confidence in the product's longevity.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1637.5
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant value of the data product, which demonstrates a moderate model performance improvement and reliable structure. The potential to enhance existing models in a competitive market is substantial, making this offer highly advantageous.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. The data product has promising attributes, but the uncertainties regarding its longevity and historical performance due to NULL values cannot be overlooked. My offer reflects a cautious approach that balances the potential benefits against these risks.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects the significant value of the data product while addressing my previous concerns about uncertainties and historical performance. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the potential and the risks involved.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1500. This price reflects my recognition of the value of the data product while ensuring it remains within a reasonable range considering the seller's concerns. I'm confident this offer addresses both parties' positions effectively.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects the significant value of the data product while addressing the concerns regarding uncertainties and historical performance. It provides a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' positions.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price appropriately values the data product while taking into account the seller's concerns about uncertainties. It represents a fair midpoint that acknowledges the product's potential and aligns with our previous discussions.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects the product's significant value while also considering the buyer's previous offer of 1600. It positions us closer to a potential agreement while acknowledging the product's competitive potential.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1625. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's recent offer of 1650 and my previous valuation of 1600, while also recognizing the product's value and potential. This approach brings us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects the product's significant value and potential while maintaining a reasonable stance considering the previous offers. Let's move forward to finalize this deal.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the product's value and aligns with the previous offers we've exchanged. Let's make progress towards finalizing this deal.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects the product's value and aligns closely with our previous negotiations, while also recognizing the buyer's offer of 1600. I'm confident this is a fair and balanced price for both parties.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1625. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between our previous discussions and reflects the value of the product while being just above the seller's last offer. It's a solid position that acknowledges the seller's perspective and keeps us moving toward a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects the product's true value while also accommodating the buyer's previous offers, which indicates a willingness to negotiate. Let's aim for a fair conclusion based on our dialogue so far.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1625. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's valuation and reflecting my assessment of the product's worth. It's a reasonable compromise that recognizes the importance of reaching an agreement while addressing both parties' perspectives. Let's move towards finalizing this deal.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects the product's true value based on our previous discussions and acknowledges the buyer's last offer of 1625. I believe this is a fair and reasonable price that recognizes both parties' positions.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1625. This price acknowledges the seller's last offer while also reflecting my belief in the product's value. I am keen to reach a mutually beneficial agreement, and I believe this price strikes a fair balance for both parties.