Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('medium', 'medium'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating a strong enhancement in performance, which is valuable to users. The market score of 0.5 suggests a moderate demand, and low data entropy indicates that the data quality is high. However, the medium data life and the lack of historical data suggest some limitations, but overall, the product still holds value due to its performance improvement and acceptable market conditions.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates it can provide noticeable enhancements in performance. A low data entropy suggests that the data is well-structured and reliable, which is valuable for users. The medium data life indicates that the data is relatively current and useful. The market score of 0.5 suggests there is some demand, but the lack of historical data limits the confidence in predicting long-term success. Overall, the combination of these traits suggests a reasonable value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1725.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, the well-structured and reliable nature of the data, and its current relevance. I believe this value accurately captures the potential benefits and enhancements it can provide to users.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price reflects my appreciation for the data's moderate Model Performance Improvement and its reliability, while also considering the limitations due to medium data life and lack of historical data. I believe this offer is a fair starting point for our negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. The data's reliability is a strong asset, and while I acknowledge its medium lifespan and lack of historical data, I'm confident that this price reflects its value in the current market.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1725. The data's reliability is indeed a significant asset, and I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the medium lifespan and the absence of historical data. This offer keeps us in a competitive range while acknowledging the value being presented.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1730. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the data's moderate lifespan and its reliability, while still acknowledging the buyer's interest in the improved model performance. I believe this is a fair and attractive offer that recognizes the value of the data product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1720. I believe this price reflects a strong understanding of the data's reliability while remaining competitive in light of the seller's previous offers. It acknowledges the value of the product while also considering the medium lifespan and lack of historical data. This offer is a strategic move to keep negotiations moving forward.