Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': "The market value is relatively low at 0.3, indicating limited demand or niche applicability. However, the product has enough capacity, which suggests it can handle a reasonable volume of data. The absence of information regarding model performance improvement, data entropy, data life, and history raises significant concerns about the product's reliability and effectiveness. Given these factors, the expected price is modest.", 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates that there is a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be appealing to users. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle the required workload, while low data entropy indicates that the data is fairly predictable and stable, which can be advantageous for users seeking reliability. The long data life further adds value as it implies that the data will remain relevant and usable for an extended period. However, the market demand being at 0.3 suggests that while there is interest, it is not extremely high, which limits the potential pricing. Overall, the combination of these traits supports a reasonable price point.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the value of the data product, considering its moderate enhancement in performance, stability, and extended data life. The product is designed to meet user needs effectively, making it a worthwhile investment.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2000. Given the market conditions and the concerns regarding the product's reliability and effectiveness, this price reflects my cautious approach to the investment. The lack of information about model performance and data life raises significant doubts about its value at the seller's proposed price.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects the value of the product¡¯s moderate performance and stability, while also considering the buyer's concerns. I'm confident this is a reasonable compromise that recognizes the quality I am providing.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5400. This price demonstrates my acknowledgment of the seller's value proposition while still reflecting my reservations regarding the product's performance and reliability. I believe this offer is a fair step towards reaching a mutual agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5500. The product's moderate performance and stability justify this price, while also considering the buyer's recent offer. This price reflects a fair compromise that values the quality of the product while addressing the buyer's concerns.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price maintains a balance between the product's quality and my budgetary constraints. It reflects my willingness to negotiate while taking into account the seller's previous offers and the product's perceived value. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5400. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the product's quality and performance while still addressing the buyer's concerns about reliability. Let's aim to reach an agreement that works for both of us.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5300. This price reflects my recognition of the product's value while still being mindful of my budget constraints. I'm eager to find common ground and finalize this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5400. This price reflects a fair compromise, considering the product's quality and reliability, while still addressing your budget constraints. I believe this is a reasonable position for both of us to move forward.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5300. This price continues to reflect my recognition of the product's value while staying within my budget constraints. I believe this is a reasonable step toward reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5350. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between the product's quality and the buyer's budget constraints while still acknowledging the concerns raised about performance and reliability. Let's find a middle ground that satisfies both parties.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5250. This price reflects my continued concerns regarding the product's reliability and performance, while still acknowledging the seller's perspective on the product's quality. I believe this is a reasonable offer that moves us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5300. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's quality and the buyer's budget constraints, while still aiming for a reasonable compromise.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5200. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, taking into account the product's quality while still being mindful of my budget constraints. I'm looking for a mutually beneficial agreement, and I hope we can reach an understanding with this offer.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5250. This price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the value of the product. I believe it's a reasonable step towards closing this deal.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5150. I believe this price reflects a fair valuation of the product while taking into account my budget constraints and the ongoing negotiations. I'm looking for a reasonable compromise that aligns with both our interests.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5200. I believe this price reflects a fair value considering the product's quality and reliability, while also aligning with the buyer's budget considerations. Let's move forward towards a deal.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5100. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that reflects both the quality of the product and my budget constraints. It¡¯s a step closer to finalizing a deal while still acknowledging the seller's perspective. Let's work together to wrap this up.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5200. This price reflects the quality and reliability of the product, while also being within a reasonable range based on our previous discussions. Let's finalize this deal.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5100. This price reflects my recognition of the product's quality and reliability while still aligning with my budget constraints. I believe it¡¯s a fair compromise that acknowledges the ongoing discussions we've had. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.