Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has a long data life and sufficient capacity, which indicates durability and reliability in usage. However, the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy raises concerns. The market demand of 0.3 suggests a limited but existing interest. Thus, the valuation reflects a balanced assessment of existing strengths and uncertainties.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': "The data product shows a moderate model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating it can enhance performance but may not be groundbreaking. The low data entropy suggests that the data is relatively stable and predictable, which can be appealing for certain applications. The long data life implies that the data remains relevant over time. However, the market demand is also low at 0.3, which may limit the product's appeal. Given these mixed signals, the expected price reflects a cautious optimism based on the strengths of the product while acknowledging the constraints of the market.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1525.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 3000. This data product demonstrates a moderate model performance improvement of 0.3 and has low data entropy, making it stable and predictable for various applications. Additionally, its long data life ensures relevance over time, which adds considerable value. Given these attributes, I believe 3000 is a fair starting point for our negotiation.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1200. While the product does have a long data life and demonstrates some stability, the moderate model performance improvement and low data entropy raise concerns about its overall value. Given these uncertainties and the market demand of 0.3, I believe a lower starting price is more appropriate for this negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1800. I believe this price reflects the product's moderate performance improvements and long data life, while also addressing my concerns about its overall value. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' perspectives.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price strikes a balance between the product's value and my budget constraints while still acknowledging the improvements and longevity mentioned. It's a fair offer that reflects my willingness to negotiate while being mindful of the overall value.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between the product's value and the buyer's budget, considering the moderate performance improvements and longevity it offers.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price appropriately reflects the product's value while being mindful of budget constraints and the need for a reasonable compromise between our positions.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects my assessment of the product's reasonable value while keeping in mind your previous offer of 1750. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the product's potential and budget considerations. Let's move forward.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price is a reasonable adjustment that reflects my assessment of the product's value while still being mindful of our ongoing negotiations. It's a fair offer that acknowledges the product's potential without exceeding my budget constraints. Let's keep the momentum going.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the product's value and the buyer's budget constraints, while still keeping the negotiation open for future discussions.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while still accommodating my budget constraints. It's a reasonable compromise that keeps the negotiation moving forward.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1550. This price reflects my understanding of the product's value while considering the buyer's budget constraints, and it positions us closer to a fair agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while still being mindful of our budget constraints. It positions us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement and acknowledges the ongoing negotiations.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1550. I believe this price fairly reflects the product's value while remaining competitive and accommodating the buyer's budget constraints. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1500. This price reflects a reasonable compromise given the current offer from the seller and my ongoing consideration of budget constraints while valuing the product's features. Let's finalize a deal that benefits us both.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1550. I believe this price fairly reflects the product's value while accommodating your budget constraints, and allows us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1500. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the product while remaining within my budget constraints. I appreciate your offer of 1550, but I am confident that 1500 is a reasonable price to move forward with a mutually beneficial agreement.