Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.2, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '500', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity, which suggests it can handle relevant workloads, but the lack of additional traits such as Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy limits its perceived value. Without more detailed information about performance, market relevance, or data quality, the valuation remains low.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '8000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.2, which indicates that it can enhance performance effectively. The low data entropy suggests that the data is clean and reliable, while the long data life indicates sustainability. However, the lack of historical data (NULL) can hinder confidence in the long-term performance and adoption. The market score of 0.3 suggests a moderate demand. Overall, the strong points balance out the concerns, leading to a reasonable valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:745.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 9000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.2 and the high quality of the data, which is clean and reliable. I believe this investment will yield great returns, considering the product's sustainability and potential to enhance performance effectively.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 500. The data product has sufficient capacity, but the lack of additional traits such as Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy significantly limits its perceived value. Given the absence of detailed information about performance and quality, I believe this is a fair starting point for negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 800.0. While I appreciate the buyer's interest in the data, my initial valuation reflects the limitations in performance traits and the need for more information to justify a higher price. I'm willing to negotiate, but the value must align with the product's actual performance and quality.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 700.0. I believe this new price reflects a more reasonable assessment of the data's value while still acknowledging the seller's concerns regarding performance traits and quality. This adjustment aims to foster a productive negotiation that can lead to a satisfactory deal for both parties.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 750.0. This price reflects a reasonable compromise considering the buyer's last offer of 700, while still acknowledging the limitations in performance traits and the need for further information about the product's overall value.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 740.0. This price reflects my recognition of the seller's latest offer while still emphasizing the need for more assurance regarding the product's value and performance traits. It¡¯s a fair step towards reaching a deal while ensuring we stay within a reasonable range.