Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The model performance improvement of 0.3 indicates a decent enhancement in performance, which can be appealing to users looking to optimize their data processes. However, the lack of additional traits such as data entropy, data life, and history makes it difficult to fully assess the product's long-term viability and value. The market score of 0.3 suggests there is some demand, but it's relatively limited. Therefore, while the product has potential, the uncertainty associated with the NULL traits warrants a moderate price.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate level of effectiveness, which can appeal to certain users looking for improvements in their processes. The low data entropy suggests that the data is relatively clean and easy to work with, while the long data life indicates sustainability and relevance over time. However, the market score of 0.3 points to limited demand, and the NULL history trait raises some concerns about the product's reliability and track record. Overall, the combination of these traits leads to a moderate expected price.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1675.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the value of the data product given its moderate effectiveness and clean, sustainable nature. I believe it has strong potential for users looking to improve their processes.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1600. Given the moderate effectiveness of the data product and the absence of additional traits that enhance its long-term value, my offer reflects a cautious approach. The potential is noted, but the uncertainty warrants a conservative price.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects the product's moderate effectiveness and strong user potential, while also taking into account the buyer's cautious stance. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the value of the data product while addressing the buyer's concerns.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price acknowledges the seller's latest offer while still reflecting my cautious approach given the product's moderate effectiveness and potential concerns. I believe this adjustment represents a balanced negotiation that respects the value of the data product while remaining within a reasonable range for my budget.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1680. I believe this price strikes a balance between the product's moderate effectiveness and the buyer's cautious stance, while still recognizing the strong potential value it offers.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1670. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the product's potential while still addressing my cautious approach. It allows us to move closer to an agreement without overstepping my budget considerations.