Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.3, 0.3)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a decent Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates it can enhance performance to some extent. The capacity is sufficient, and the low data entropy suggests that the data is reliable and consistent, which is a positive trait for potential users. A long data life adds value since it implies longevity and relevance over time. However, the NULL history limits the understanding of past performance, and the market score of 0.3 indicates a modest demand. Overall, the combination of these factors leads to a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product displays a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates it can enhance performance to some degree. Additionally, it has a long data life and low data entropy, suggesting stability and reliability. However, the market demand is also low at 0.3, which limits the overall value. Given these factors, the expected price reflects a balance between performance potential and market conditions.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1575.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2000. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, which indicates a solid potential for enhancing performance, along with the product's long data life and low data entropy, suggesting both stability and reliability. Given these advantageous features, I believe this price is justified in the current market context.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. Considering the moderate Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 and the product's attributes, I believe a lower price reflects the current market demand and the modest valuation of this data product.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the value of the product, considering its moderate performance improvements and reliability. It strikes a balance between both our expectations, and I'm confident it represents a fair deal in the current market.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1700. This price acknowledges the seller's recent offer while still reflecting my position on the product's value. It takes into account the moderate performance improvements mentioned and represents a fair compromise that aligns with both our expectations.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price represents a balanced consideration of the product's value and current market conditions, while still allowing for a reasonable compromise between our positions.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price reflects my assessment of the product's value while still being competitive in the current market context. It represents a reasonable step towards a compromise without exceeding the seller's latest offer.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects the product's solid value while recognizing the buyer's previous offer, aiming for a fair and competitive compromise in the current market.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price reflects my assessment of the product's value while still acknowledging the seller's recent offer, aiming for a reasonable middle ground as we move forward in the negotiation.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects a fair compromise, taking into account the buyer's last offer while also recognizing the product's value and current market conditions.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price represents a reasonable adjustment reflecting both the product's value and our ongoing negotiations. I believe it strikes a balance between our previous offers and aligns with your recent proposal while still allowing us to move forward.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects a balanced approach to the product's current market value while acknowledging the buyer's previous offer of 1600. I believe this is a fair and competitive offer that aligns with both parties' interests.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1600. This price reflects my assessment of the product's value while also considering the recent offers from the seller. It strikes a reasonable balance between our positions, and I believe it will facilitate a successful negotiation.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while taking into account the consistent offers from the buyer. It's a competitive price that acknowledges the ongoing negotiations and the market landscape.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price is a reasonable adjustment considering the seller's offer of 1650, while still reflecting my assessment of the product's value. It allows us to stay within a competitive range and move closer to an agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects the current market dynamics and acknowledges the buyer's consistent valuation, while also being competitive enough to move towards a potential agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1550. This price represents a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's current offer while still reflecting my valuation based on previous rounds. I'm eager to make progress towards an agreement that suits both parties.