Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'While the model performance improvement and other key traits are NULL, the capacity is sufficient, which indicates potential usability. However, the lack of comprehensive data limits confidence in the overall effectiveness and market appeal of the product, resulting in a lower valuation.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product demonstrates a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates its potential effectiveness and attractiveness to users. The low data entropy suggests that the data is reliable and consistent, and a long data life implies sustained value over time. Despite a lack of historical data, the market score of 0.4 suggests moderate demand. Overall, these traits indicate a valuable product, justifying the expected price.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the exceptional Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, the reliability indicated by low data entropy, and the long data life, which collectively enhance the product's value and market appeal.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4800. While I acknowledge the seller's points about model performance and reliability, my valuation is based on the limited comprehensive data available, which diminishes my confidence in the product's overall effectiveness. I believe this price reflects the potential usability while remaining fair.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5800. This price reflects the exceptional model performance and reliability of my product, while also considering the buyer's cautious valuation. I believe this is a fair compromise that highlights the value of the data I am offering.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the seller's claims of exceptional model performance and my cautious valuation due to the limited data available. It reflects my willingness to negotiate while still being mindful of my budget constraints.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5750. This price reflects the exceptional performance and reliability of the product while remaining competitive in our negotiations.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the seller's emphasis on exceptional performance while also considering my cautious approach to valuation.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5725. I believe this price reflects the exceptional performance and reliability of the product while remaining competitive and approachable for the buyer.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between the exceptional performance and reliability of the product and my budget constraints. Let's make this deal work!
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5700. The product's exceptional performance and reliability warrant a price that reflects its true value, and I believe this price strikes a fair balance between our previous offers.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5600. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise while still acknowledging the product's notable performance and reliability. It allows us to move forward in a constructive manner, keeping our budget considerations in mind.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5650. This price reflects a balanced approach, taking into account the product's exceptional performance and reliability while also being mindful of your budget constraints. Let's find common ground and move forward in this negotiation.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5600. I believe this price strikes a reasonable balance considering the product's value and my budget constraints, while also reflecting the ongoing negotiations. Let's move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5650. I believe this price reflects the exceptional performance and reliability of the product while remaining competitive and appealing to your budget constraints. Let's move forward and finalize this deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5600. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the product's demonstrated value and my budget constraints. It reflects my appreciation for the product's reliability while still considering the cautious nature of our negotiations. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5600. This price reflects the exceptional performance and reliability of the product while also considering the buyer's budget constraints. I'm confident this is a fair compromise that highlights the value of the offering.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5500. I believe this price strikes a balance between the value of the product and my budget constraints, while also recognizing the seller's previous offers. It reflects my willingness to negotiate and find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5550. The product's exceptional performance and reliability justify a price that reflects its value while still considering the buyer's budget constraints. This offer aims for a fair compromise as we move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5450. I believe this price fairly reflects the product's reliability and performance while still considering my budget constraints. This offer aims to bridge the gap towards a mutually beneficial agreement as we approach the final rounds of negotiation.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects the product's exceptional performance and reliability while also considering your budget constraints. Let's find common ground and move towards a successful agreement.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price strikes a balance between the product's acknowledged performance and my budget limitations, while also recognizing the seller's previous offers. Let's work together to finalize this deal.