Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The market score of 0.4 suggests a low to moderate demand for the product. However, the capacity being "enough" indicates that the product can handle current needs. The NULL traits do limit the confidence in the product\'s overall effectiveness and potential value, which is reflected in a conservative pricing estimate.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a decent enhancement in performance, which is appealing to potential customers. The data capacity is sufficient, and low data entropy suggests high quality and reliability. A long data life enhances its sustainability in the market. Although the market rating is relatively low at 0.4, the overall traits suggest a valuable product. The absence of historical data does introduce some uncertainty, but the other traits compensate for it.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the high-quality data product we have, showcasing a significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, robust data capacity, and low data entropy, all of which contribute to its substantial value in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. The high initial price of 18000 does not align with my valuation based on the current market conditions and the product's limited confidence indicators. Given the moderate demand and my concerns about the product's overall effectiveness, I believe a lower starting point is more appropriate to reflect its true value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. This price reflects the exceptional quality of the data and the substantial performance improvements it can bring to the buyer's operations, while also being more aligned with current market dynamics.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14000. This price recognizes the seller's assertion of quality while still allowing me to negotiate effectively within my budget constraints. It reflects my commitment to a fair deal while considering the current market conditions.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. The quality of the data remains exceptional, and I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints while still reflecting the value of the product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects my commitment to valuing the exceptional quality of the data while still being mindful of budget constraints.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects the exceptional quality and performance improvements of the data product while remaining competitive in the current market. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between the exceptional quality of the data product and my budget considerations. I appreciate the seller's acknowledgment of quality, and I am keen to finalize this deal. Let's move closer to an agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the exceptional quality and performance improvements of the data product while remaining competitive in the current market.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14400. This price balances my commitment to quality with my budget constraints, and it reflects my appreciation for the exceptional quality and performance improvements of the data product.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the high-quality data and significant performance improvements that my product provides, while also recognizing the buyer's budget constraints. Let's find a middle ground that acknowledges the value of what I am offering.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between recognizing the quality of the data product and remaining within a reasonable budget. While I appreciate the seller's offer of 14500, I think my offer more accurately reflects the ongoing negotiations and the value I see in the product. Let's work towards closing this deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects the exceptional quality and performance of the data product while maintaining a fair negotiation stance. Let's aim for a resolution that acknowledges the value offered while being mindful of budget constraints.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price continues to reflect a reasonable compromise while acknowledging the quality and performance of the data product, aligning with my budget constraints. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the exceptional quality and performance of the data product, while also considering your budget constraints. Let's move forward with a fair deal that benefits both parties.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between acknowledging the exceptional quality and performance of the data product while remaining within my budget constraints. Let's work together to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the high-quality data and significant performance improvements that the product provides, while still being a fair compromise that respects the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 14400. This price acknowledges the high-quality data and performance improvements you have described, while still being mindful of my budget constraints. I believe this is a fair compromise that reflects the product's value.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the exceptional quality and performance of the data product, which provides significant value to the buyer. It maintains consistency with my previous offers while acknowledging the buyer's budgetary constraints. Let's move forward to secure this deal.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise that acknowledges the high quality and performance of the data product while staying within my budget. It's essential to finalize this agreement, considering the consistent value offered throughout our discussions.