Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a long data life and sufficient capacity, which indicates potential sustainability and usability in the market. However, the market score is relatively low at 0.4, suggesting limited demand or competition. The lack of specific metrics for model performance improvement and data entropy adds uncertainty to its overall value. Given these factors, a moderate price is justified, reflecting potential but also uncertainty in the product¡¯s performance.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The data product demonstrates a solid Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating it can enhance the performance of existing models. The low data entropy suggests that the data is reliable and consistent, which is valuable for users. A long data life implies the data will remain relevant for a significant period, adding to its utility. The market score of 0.4 indicates moderate demand. However, the lack of historical data raises some concerns about its proven effectiveness and customer acceptance. Overall, the combination of these traits suggests a reasonable value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:5425.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the strong potential of the data product, with a Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, low data entropy indicating reliability, and a long data life ensuring its relevance. While there are some concerns about historical data, the overall value proposition is compelling, making this an attractive offer for enhancing existing models.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 5000. Given the uncertainty surrounding the product's performance metrics and the low market score, I believe a more modest price is justified. While I acknowledge the potential of the data product, I must prioritize risk management in this negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5500. This reflects my confidence in the data product's potential while still addressing my concerns about performance metrics. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the value we both see in this deal.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5400. This price reflects my strong belief in the data product's value while still considering the seller's concerns about performance metrics. I am eager to reach an agreement that benefits both parties and allows us to move forward confidently.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects the strong potential of the data product while addressing previous concerns about performance metrics. I am confident that this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the value of the product and the need for risk management.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects my continued confidence in the data product while also acknowledging the seller's concerns about performance metrics. It's a fair offer that aligns with our ongoing negotiations and the value I see in this product.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5500. This price reflects my confidence in the data product's strong potential while also acknowledging the importance of risk management. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes both the product's value and the buyer's concerns.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects a balanced view of the data product's potential while still addressing the seller's risk management concerns. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the product, and I hope we can reach an agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5450. I believe this reflects a fair compromise considering the buyer's consistent offers and my confidence in the product's potential value. Let's move towards a mutual agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price maintains my confidence in the product's potential while remaining consistent with my previous offers. It's a strategic move towards finding common ground and reaching a fair agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 5450. I believe this price reflects the strong potential and reliability of the data product while addressing the concerns about performance metrics. It presents a fair compromise that acknowledges both parties' positions and aims for a productive agreement.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects my ongoing confidence in the data product's potential while remaining within an acceptable range for both parties. It demonstrates my willingness to reach a fair agreement without undervaluing the product's worth.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 5450. I believe this price reflects the strong potential of the data product while also addressing the concerns raised previously. It balances the buyer's confidence in the product with my need for a fair value, paving the way for a successful agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price reflects my continued confidence in the data product while recognizing the seller's perspective on value. It maintains a fair balance that could lead us toward a successful agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 5500. I believe this price reflects the strong potential of the product while addressing the buyer's concerns effectively. It also shows my willingness to negotiate towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price effectively balances the value of the product with my confidence in its potential while also addressing the seller's perspective. I'm committed to reaching a fair agreement that reflects both parties' interests.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 5450. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, taking into account the product's strong potential and reliability while also addressing the concerns surrounding performance metrics. This is a balanced approach that acknowledges both parties' interests and aims for a successful agreement.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 5400. I believe this price demonstrates my continued confidence in the product's potential while also recognizing the importance of reaching a mutually beneficial agreement. This amount is a fair reflection of both parties' interests and aims to facilitate a successful deal before we conclude negotiations.