Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The product has sufficient capacity and low data entropy, which suggests that while we don't have information on model performance improvement or data life, it still has potential utility in a stable environment. The low data entropy indicates that the data is relatively consistent and reliable. However, the lack of other traits limits confidence in the overall value.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': "The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating it has the potential to enhance existing models effectively. The market score of 0.4 suggests a moderate demand, while the low data entropy and long data life enhance the product's reliability and longevity. Although the history trait is NULL, the other traits provide a solid foundation for value assessment.", 'confidence': 'high'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the exceptional Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, indicating a strong potential for enhancing existing models effectively. Additionally, the moderate market score of 0.4, combined with low data entropy and long data life, underscores the product's reliability and longevity in the market. I am confident that this price aligns with the product's value.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 3000. While I appreciate the seller's confidence in the product's potential based on model performance and market score, the price of 18000 is simply too high given my assessment of the product's overall value and the medium confidence in its utility. I believe a more reasonable starting point reflects the inherent uncertainties and potential limitations.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 17000. This price reflects the strong model performance and reliability of the product while also considering the negotiation dynamics. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the value of the product and the buyer's concerns.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 16000. I believe this price better reflects the value I see in the product while maintaining a fair stance in our negotiations. It acknowledges the seller's perspective but also considers my budget constraints.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 16500. I believe this price reflects the strong model performance and reliability of the product while remaining competitive in light of the buyer's last offer. Let's move forward toward a deal.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 16000. I believe this price represents a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's strong performance while still aligning with my budget considerations. Let's work together to close this deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 16550. The product has consistently demonstrated strong performance and reliability, and I believe this price strikes a balance between our positions while still reflecting its true value.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 16450. This price reflects my recognition of the product's value while still considering my budget constraints. I believe this offer is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's perspective without overshooting my limits.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 16500. This price reflects the strong value and performance of the product, while also considering the buyer's previous offer of 16450. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the quality of the product and the budget constraints.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 16400. I believe this reflects a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's position while still remaining within my budget constraints. This price considers the product's perceived value and my previous offers.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 16500. I believe this price reflects the exceptional quality and reliability of the product while also considering the buyer's previous offers. Let's find a common ground that satisfies both parties.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 16400. I believe this price aligns closely with my previous offers while still acknowledging the seller's valuation of the product's quality and reliability. I am confident that this figure represents a fair compromise as we move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 16500. The product's strong performance and reliability remain consistent, and I believe this price reflects its true value while also considering the buyer's previous offer. Let's find a middle ground that recognizes the quality of the product.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 16400. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the product's strong performance and my budget constraints. It's a reasonable adjustment that recognizes the value while still being mindful of my limits. Let's work towards a mutual agreement that benefits us both.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 16500. I believe this price reflects the quality and reliability of the product, and it aligns with previous discussions while still being a fair compromise considering the buyer's constraints.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 16400. I believe this price still respects the seller's valuation while acknowledging my budget constraints and the ongoing negotiation dynamics. I'm looking for a fair compromise that reflects the product's quality without exceeding my limit.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 16500. This price reflects the consistent quality and reliability of the product, while also recognizing the previous offers from the buyer. I believe this is a fair compromise that values the product appropriately and addresses the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 16400. I believe this reflects a fair compromise given my previous offers and the consistent quality and reliability of the product that the seller has highlighted. While I recognize the value they are placing on the product, I need to stay within my budget constraints as we approach the final rounds of negotiation.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 16500. The product's strong performance and reliability justify this price, and it reflects a fair compromise considering the buyer's previous offers. Let's find a resolution that works for both parties.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 16400. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering both the product's value and my budget constraints. It's a reasonable step towards a resolution that acknowledges the quality of the product while staying within my limits. Let's finalize this deal.