Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity, low data entropy, and a long data life, which suggests it can be reliable and useful for long-term applications. However, the lack of information on Model Performance Improvement and market conditions limits the overall confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product demonstrates a significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 and has a long data life, suggesting it can maintain its value over time. The low data entropy indicates reliability and consistency in the data, which is appealing in the market. However, the market score of 0.4 suggests moderate demand, and the absence of historical data limits confidence in its past performance. Given these factors, a price of 1500 seems reasonable.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1675.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 and the long data life, indicating that this product will maintain its value over time. The low data entropy further emphasizes its reliability and consistency, making it a compelling investment in the current market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. While the seller highlights the Model Performance Improvement and long data life, my assessment considers the overall market conditions and limited information available, leading me to conclude that a lower price is more appropriate for this deal.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1750. This price reflects the exceptional value of the data product, considering its significant Model Performance Improvement and long data life, while also being mindful of the current market conditions.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1650. The data product's value is indeed significant, but I believe that a price closer to 1650 reflects a fair compromise given the current market dynamics and my budget constraints.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1700.0. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the data product's exceptional value and the current market dynamics, ensuring that both parties can find a middle ground.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1650. This price acknowledges the seller's offer while remaining within a reasonable range that reflects current market dynamics and my budget constraints. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the value of the data product while aligning with market expectations.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1680. I believe this price reflects the exceptional value of the data product while also considering the buyer's budget constraints. It's a fair compromise that allows us to move forward in this deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1670. I believe this price is a reasonable reflection of the data product's value while remaining within a budget-friendly range. This compromise allows both parties to progress towards a successful agreement without straying too far from previous discussions.