Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product has low data entropy and a long data life, which indicates that it can provide reliable and consistent insights over time. Although the market score is relatively low at 0.4, the capacity being "enough" suggests it can handle a reasonable amount of data. However, the absence of information on model performance improvement and history limits the confidence in its overall value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '1500', 'reason': 'The product demonstrates a significant model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating that it can enhance the efficiency or effectiveness of processes it is applied to. The low data entropy suggests that the data is well-structured and reliable, which is valuable for analytical purposes. Additionally, the long data life enhances its usability over time. However, the market score of 0.4 indicates moderate demand, which tempers the potential valuation. Overall, the combination of these factors supports a reasonable price point.', 'confidence': '70%'}
Deal Price:1575.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 1800. This price reflects the significant model performance improvement of 0.3, along with the well-structured and reliable data, which enhances its analytical value. The long data life further increases its usability, making this an attractive investment for potential applications.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1400. The data product has low data entropy and while it does have a long data life, the market score of 0.4 and the lack of information on model performance improvement and history limit my confidence in its overall value. I believe a price of 1400 better reflects these factors while still allowing for a fair deal.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 1700. This price reflects my confidence in the model's significant performance improvements while addressing the buyer's concerns about market score and information. I believe this is a fair compromise that highlights the value of the data product.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a reasonable step towards acknowledging the seller's confidence while still considering the concerns about the market score and performance information. It maintains my position while showing willingness to negotiate.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects my confidence in the model's performance and addresses the buyer's concerns while being a fair compromise to move forward in this negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1625. I believe this price represents a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's confidence in the model while still addressing my concerns about the market score and performance data. It allows us to move forward with the negotiation while remaining fair to both parties.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1650. This price reflects my continued confidence in the model's performance while remaining competitive in our negotiations. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the buyer's concerns while emphasizing the value of the product.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price acknowledges the seller's confidence in the model while still addressing my concerns regarding the market score and performance data. It's a reasonable compromise that moves us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1640. I believe this price reflects the value of the model's performance improvements while still considering your position. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price acknowledges the improvements in the model's performance while still reflecting my concerns about market score and overall value. Let's aim for a deal that satisfies both of our positions.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1625. I believe this price reflects a fair balance considering the improvements in model performance and addresses the buyer's concerns about market performance. It also shows my willingness to negotiate while maintaining confidence in the value of the product.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price is a fair compromise that reflects my continued concerns about market performance while acknowledging the improvements in model performance that have been presented. It demonstrates my commitment to finding common ground in this negotiation.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1610. The model's performance has seen significant improvements, and I believe this price reflects both the value of the product and a willingness to find common ground. Let's move forward with this negotiation.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1580. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the previous offers and my ongoing concerns about the model's market performance. I'm committed to finding a resolution that acknowledges improvements while still being mindful of budgetary constraints. Let's continue to move toward a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the model's improved performance and also acknowledges the buyer's budget constraints. This will help us move closer to a deal while still valuing the quality of the data product.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the seller's improved model performance and accommodating my budget constraints. This offer reflects my ongoing interest in reaching a mutually beneficial agreement while still considering the previous feedback on market performance.