Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be attractive to potential users. The market factor of 0.4 suggests there is demand for the product, but the lack of data entropy, data life, and history makes it difficult to fully gauge its effectiveness and longevity. Given these factors, the expected price is reasonable but slightly conservative due to the uncertainties.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderately positive impact, which could attract users looking for enhanced performance. The low data entropy suggests that the data is reliable and consistent, while a long data life implies sustainability in usage. However, the NULL history limits the insight into previous performance or use cases. The market score of 0.4 indicates there is some demand, but not overwhelming. Balancing these factors, particularly the strengths in performance and data quality against the lack of historical context, leads to a moderate valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:5710.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 6000. This price reflects the high value of the data product, considering its moderate positive impact on model performance, reliability, and sustainability in usage. I believe this price is justified given the quality of the data and its potential to enhance performance for users.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 5000. Considering the moderate enhancement in performance and the uncertainties surrounding the data's effectiveness and longevity, I believe this adjusted offer is a fair starting point for our negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 5800. I believe this price reflects the exceptional value of the data product while also considering your previous concerns about its effectiveness. This is a fair balance that acknowledges the potential benefits it can deliver.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller's perspective on the value of the data product while still addressing my concerns about its effectiveness. It reflects my willingness to negotiate and recognize the potential benefits, but also ensures I'm making a prudent investment.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 5750. This price reflects a balanced approach, acknowledging the value of the data product while also considering the buyer's previous offer. I'm confident this figure positions us closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 5700. This price represents my continued belief in the data product's potential while also reflecting my concerns about its effectiveness and longevity. I'm hopeful that this offer brings us closer to a satisfactory agreement for both parties.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 5725. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product, considering its potential and the buyer's previous offer. It¡¯s a reasonable point for us to move forward while still acknowledging the buyer's concerns.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, acknowledging the seller's valuation while also considering my concerns about the product's effectiveness. It's a reasonable step towards closing the deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 5720. I believe this price reflects the value of the data product while still addressing your concerns about effectiveness and longevity. It¡¯s a fair compromise that recognizes both our positions.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 5700. I believe this price continues to reflect my confidence in the data product's potential while addressing my concerns about its effectiveness and longevity. It's a reasonable offer that keeps our negotiations progressing toward a mutually beneficial agreement.