Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 0.4)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': "The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be valuable in various applications. The long data life suggests sustainable utility over time, appealing to businesses seeking long-term solutions. Although the market score of 0.4 indicates some demand, the presence of NULL traits (Data Entropy and History) limits the overall confidence in the product's capabilities. Given these factors, the price reflects a fair value considering both potential and uncertainty.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating it can enhance performance to some degree. The capacity being described as "enough" suggests it can handle current demand. With low data entropy, the data is likely to be reliable and stable, which is valuable. The long data life enhances its utility over time. However, the market score of 0.4 indicates a moderate level of demand, which tempers the potential price. The lack of history may lower confidence in long-term viability but does not entirely negate value.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:6625.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 7000. This price reflects the moderate Model Performance Improvement and the reliable data quality, which enhances its value in the market. The long data life further supports this premium, as it ensures utility over time.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 6800. The seller's price of 7000 reflects some value, but I believe a lower price is more fitting considering the limitations in data attributes like Data Entropy and History. My offer accounts for the moderate Model Performance Improvement while also navigating the uncertainties present in the product's capabilities.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 6900. I believe this price reflects the value of the data while considering the limitations in data attributes I previously mentioned. It shows flexibility on my part while still aiming for a fair exchange.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 6800. I believe this price strikes a balance, acknowledging the seller's flexibility while still considering the limitations of the data attributes. I am confident this offer reflects the value I see in the data and keeps us moving towards a fair agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 7000. The data's moderate performance improvement and reliable quality justify this price, and I believe it reflects the true value of what I am providing. Let's move forward with a fair agreement.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 6800. The price reflects my assessment of the data's limitations and the need for a more balanced agreement considering both parties' perspectives. I believe this is a fair offer that acknowledges the value while also addressing the concerns raised. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial deal.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 6900. I believe this price reflects the moderate improvements in model performance and the data's reliability while still considering the limitations in data attributes. Let's work together towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 6800. I believe this price is fair given the moderate improvements in model performance and the data's reliability, while still acknowledging the limitations in data attributes. Let's find a solution that works for both of us.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 6900. I believe this price reflects a fair balance considering the moderate improvements in model performance and the reliability of the data, while still acknowledging the limitations present. Let's find a resolution that works for both of us.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 6800. I believe this price reflects my consistent assessment of the data's value, taking into account the moderate improvements in model performance and the reliability of the data, while also considering the limitations you've mentioned. Let's reach an agreement that acknowledges both our perspectives.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 6800. This price reflects a fair assessment of the data's limitations while still acknowledging its moderate performance improvements and reliability. I believe this is a reasonable middle ground for both parties to consider.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 6700. I believe this price is a fair reflection of the data's moderate performance improvements and reliability, while still accounting for the limitations noted by the seller. It's a reasonable step towards reaching a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 6750. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing discussions and acknowledges the limitations of the data while still valuing its potential.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 6700. I believe this price strikes a balance between the value of the data and the limitations we've discussed, allowing us to move closer to an agreement while still recognizing the quality of the offering.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 6700. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise given the data's limitations and the value it can provide. Let's find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 6600. I believe this price better reflects my assessment of the data's limitations while still acknowledging the value it can provide. Let's work towards a deal that benefits both parties.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 6650. I believe this price better reflects the current market dynamics and the data's limitations, while still aiming for a fair negotiation.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 6600. This price reflects my assessment of the data's limitations while still recognizing its value. I believe it is a fair compromise considering our previous negotiations and the current market dynamics.