Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': "The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be valuable to users seeking efficiency. However, the NULL traits (Data Life, History, Market) introduce uncertainty about the product's long-term viability and market demand, limiting the potential price. Given the capacity is sufficient and data entropy is low, the product has a basic level of quality and usability, justifying a reasonable price without being overly confident.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2500', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be appealing in a competitive market. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle the expected workload, while low data entropy implies reliable and stable data, which is a positive trait. The long data life adds value, indicating longevity and relevance of the data. However, the market value of 0.4 suggests that there is some demand but it may not be exceptionally high. Overall, these factors contribute to a reasonable valuation of the product.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:2625.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 3000. This price reflects the exceptional value of the data product, considering its moderate enhancement in performance, reliable and stable data, and longevity. The competitive edge it provides in handling workloads makes it a worthwhile investment.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 2500. Given the moderate enhancement in performance and the uncertainties surrounding the product¡¯s long-term viability, this price reflects a balanced approach to valuing the data product while considering its basic level of quality and usability.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2900.0. This price reflects the exceptional value and quality of the data product while also considering the buyer's previous concerns, allowing us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2700. This price takes into account the seller's recent offer while still addressing my concerns regarding the product's long-term viability and quality. I'm keen to find common ground and move forward in this negotiation.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2800. This price reflects the exceptional value of the data product while being flexible enough to encourage a productive negotiation. Let's find a way to reach an agreement that satisfies both parties.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2700. This price reflects my willingness to meet the seller halfway while still addressing my concerns about the product's long-term viability. Let's work together towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2750. This price reflects the value of the data product, balancing both quality and the ongoing negotiations while remaining competitive in the market. Let's find a resolution that works for both of us.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2650. This price reflects my recognition of the product's quality while still being mindful of my budget constraints. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the seller's position while allowing me to stay within my limits. Let's continue to work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2700. I believe this price reflects the exceptional value of the data product while acknowledging the buyer's perspective on budget constraints. Let's find a common ground that benefits us both.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2600. I believe this price strikes a balance between valuing the data product and considering my budget constraints. Let's continue to work together to reach a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2650. This price reflects the exceptional value of the data product while also being mindful of your budget constraints. Let's find common ground and move forward with this deal.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2600. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between recognizing the value of the data product while still aligning with my budget considerations. Let's work towards finalizing this deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2650. This price reflects the quality and value of the data product while being considerate of the buyer's budget constraints. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the product's worth and the buyer's concerns.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2600. This price is a balanced reflection of the data product's quality while still being mindful of my budget constraints. I believe it represents a fair compromise that recognizes both the value of the product and my ongoing concerns regarding its long-term viability.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2650. This price reflects the exceptional quality and value of the data product while aligning closely with your budget considerations. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the product's worth and your constraints. Let's move forward!
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2600. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the product's quality and adhering to my budget constraints. Let's aim for a mutually beneficial agreement and move forward from here.