Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 0.3), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.4, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The model performance improvement of 0.3 indicates a significant enhancement in performance, which is a strong selling point. The low data entropy suggests that the data is consistent and reliable, while the long data life implies ongoing relevance. However, the lack of history and market information introduces uncertainty, which tempers the overall value. Given these factors, the expected price reflects a balance between the positive traits and the uncertainty from the NULL traits.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating it can enhance performance in its application. The low data entropy suggests that the data is stable and of high quality, which is appealing for potential users. Additionally, the long data life indicates that the product can be used over an extended period without significant degradation. While the market size is moderate at 0.4, the combination of these positive traits suggests a reasonable price point. However, the lack of historical data makes it difficult to ascertain demand accurately.', 'confidence': 'moderate'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, indicating a robust enhancement in performance for potential users, along with the high data quality suggested by low entropy and the long data life. These factors position our product as a valuable asset in the market, despite the moderate size.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. While I acknowledge the significant model performance improvement and data quality, I believe that given the uncertainties related to the lack of history and market information, a lower price is more appropriate. This reflects a balanced view of the product's strengths and the inherent risks involved.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 10000. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, taking into account the buyer's acknowledgment of the significant model performance improvement and high data quality, while still addressing my concerns regarding uncertainties due to lack of history and market information. This value represents a strong opportunity for both parties to move forward.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 9000. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the significant model performance improvement and high data quality while also addressing the seller's concerns regarding uncertainties. It presents a solid opportunity for collaboration and allows us to move forward in a way that reflects the value of the data product.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 9500. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between the value of the data product and the buyer's budget while acknowledging the improvements in model performance and data quality.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 9400. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the improvements in model performance and data quality while still being mindful of my budget constraints. It's a reasonable offer that reflects the value I see in the data product.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 9500. This price reflects the significant improvements in model performance and high data quality, while also considering the previous offers made. It's a fair compromise that ensures both parties see value in the deal.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 9400. I believe this price accurately reflects the value of the improvements in model performance and data quality while still being mindful of our ongoing negotiations and budget considerations. I hope we can find common ground here.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 9600. I believe this price reflects the significant model performance improvements and high-quality data, while still accommodating for the budget considerations we¡¯ve discussed.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 9500. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between the significant improvements in model performance and the quality of data, while also considering the budget constraints we've been discussing.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 9500. I believe this price reflects the substantial model improvements and the high-quality data, while also considering the buyer's budget constraints. This figure represents a fair balance for both parties as we move forward in this negotiation.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 9400. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the substantial model improvements and high-quality data while also aligning with my budget constraints. This offer aims to maintain a balanced collaboration between both parties as we continue our negotiation.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 9400. This price reflects the high-quality data and substantial model improvements while remaining within a reasonable range considering the buyer's previous offers. Let's find a fair middle ground that acknowledges the value of the product and the buyer's budget.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 9300. I believe this price reflects a strong commitment to valuing the data's quality and the performance improvements while still being mindful of my budget constraints. I'm keen to reach an agreement that acknowledges the seller's perspective while keeping the negotiation balanced.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 9300. I believe this price reflects the substantial improvements in model performance and high-quality data while remaining competitive in light of the buyer's last offer.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 9200. I believe this price reflects the ongoing improvements in model performance while still aligning with my budget considerations. I am eager to find common ground that acknowledges the value of the product while remaining within a reasonable range.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 9200. This price reflects the ongoing negotiations and recognizes the improvements in model performance and data quality, while also being mindful of your budget considerations.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 9100. I believe this price appropriately reflects the model's significant improvements and data quality while still being mindful of my budget constraints. It's a reasonable step towards reaching a fair agreement.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 9100. I believe this price reflects the significant improvements in model performance and high-quality data while also considering both parties' budget constraints. This is a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of the product.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 9000. I believe this price fairly reflects the substantial model performance improvements and high-quality data while still being considerate of our budget constraints. It's a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the value of the product and aims for a mutually beneficial agreement.