Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has sufficient capacity, which indicates it can handle a reasonable amount of data, but the lack of specific metrics on model performance improvement, data entropy, data life, history, and market makes it difficult to gauge its full potential. This leads to a cautious valuation based on the limited available information.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3 indicates a moderate enhancement in performance, which can be attractive in the market. The capacity being "enough" suggests that the product can handle a decent volume of data. Low data entropy implies the data is well-structured, which is favorable for users seeking reliability. A long data life further adds to the product\'s value as it indicates longevity and sustainability. However, the market rating of 0.5 suggests that there is only moderate demand, which tempers the price. Overall, the combination of these factors leads to a solid valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:6625.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 8000. This price reflects the solid value of the data product, considering its moderate enhancement in performance, reliable structure, and long data life. I believe this offer captures the product's potential in the market.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. The offered price of 8000 is significantly above my valuation of the product, which is based on limited information about its performance and market potential. A price of 4000 reflects a cautious approach, considering the uncertainties surrounding the data¡¯s capabilities.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 7000. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, considering the product's high performance and reliability while also acknowledging the buyer's cautious approach. Let's move forward towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 6900. I believe this price strikes a balance between the seller's valuation and my cautious approach, while still recognizing the quality of the product. Let's work towards a beneficial agreement.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 6800. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between the value of the product and the buyer's cautious approach, while still acknowledging its high performance and reliability.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 6700. This price demonstrates my recognition of the seller's position while still reflecting my cautious approach and the need for a balanced valuation of the product.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 6750. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the buyer's cautious approach while still acknowledging the value of the product's performance and reliability.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 6700. I believe this price represents a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the seller¡¯s value while still aligning with my cautious approach to this deal.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 6750. This price reflects a fair value considering the product's excellent performance and reliability, while still being competitive enough to engage in meaningful negotiations.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 6700. I believe this price reflects a fair assessment of the product's value while still acknowledging the seller's position. It's a reasonable compromise that keeps the negotiation moving forward.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 6700. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the buyer's cautious approach while also recognizing the product's high performance and reliability. Let's move forward with this deal.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 6600. I believe this price reflects a strong recognition of the product's value while still being cautious in my approach. This is a competitive offer that acknowledges the seller's position while aiming to reach a fair agreement. Let's find a way to finalize this deal.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 6650. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the product's strong performance and reliability while also acknowledging the buyer's cautious approach. Let's move closer to a deal.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 6600. This price is a reasonable compromise that takes into account the product's strong performance and reliability, while still aligning with my cautious valuation approach. Let's aim to finalize a deal that reflects the value we both recognize.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 6700. This price reflects a fair compromise given the ongoing negotiations and acknowledges the buyer's cautious approach while still valuing the product's performance and reliability.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 6600. I believe this price reflects a solid understanding of the product's value while still considering the cautious approach I've maintained throughout our negotiations. It's a fair offer that acknowledges the seller's perspective while also staying within my budget constraints.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 6650. I believe this price reflects the product's quality and performance while acknowledging the ongoing negotiations and the buyer's cautious approach. It's a fair compromise that keeps us moving forward.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 6600. I believe this price reflects my continued recognition of the product's value while remaining cautious in these negotiations. It's a reasonable compromise that demonstrates my willingness to move forward while still considering my budget constraints.