Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '25000', 'reason': 'The product has a market score of 0.5, indicating a moderate demand, but the lack of information on critical traits such as Model Performance Improvement, Data Entropy, Data Life, and History limits confidence in the product\'s overall value. However, since the capacity is noted as "enough", this suggests it can meet current demands, justifying a baseline price.', 'confidence': 'low'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, indicating it can enhance the performance of existing systems. The low data entropy suggests the data is reliable and structured, while a long data life adds to its sustainability and relevance. Although the market score is moderate at 0.5, the combination of these positive traits outweighs the lack of history information.', 'confidence': 'high'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 2500. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.3 that our data product provides, enhancing existing systems effectively. The low data entropy indicates high reliability, and the long data life ensures that the data remains relevant and sustainable over time.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1000. The current offer of 2500 is significantly higher than my valuation, given the moderate market score and the lack of critical information about the product's capabilities. I believe a lower starting point reflects the uncertainties surrounding its potential value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 2400. I believe this price reflects the exceptional performance and reliability of the product while also acknowledging your concerns. It's a fair compromise that maintains the value of what I'm offering.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 2300. I believe this price strikes a balance between the product's value and my budget constraints, while still acknowledging the seller's emphasis on its performance and reliability. It reflects my willingness to negotiate while staying mindful of the previous discussions.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 2350. This price reflects the exceptional performance and reliability of the product while remaining competitive and within a reasonable range based on our previous discussions.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 2250. This price reflects my confidence in the product's value while remaining mindful of my budget constraints. I believe it's a fair compromise that acknowledges the quality of the product without exceeding my limits.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 2300. The performance and reliability of this product justify a competitive price, and I believe this amount reflects its true value while still being within a reasonable range for negotiation.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 2200. The product's performance and reliability are commendable, but I still have budget constraints that require a slightly lower price. This offer reflects my willingness to compromise while recognizing the value being presented.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 2250. I believe this price reflects the quality and performance of the product while remaining competitive in this negotiation.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 2150. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the product's quality and my budget constraints, while still moving us closer to a fair agreement.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 2200. This price reflects the quality and performance of the product while being mindful of the buyer's budget constraints. I'm confident that this is a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's value.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 2100. This price reflects my acknowledgment of the product's quality while still being mindful of my budget constraints. I believe this is a reasonable offer that balances both parties' interests.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 2150. This price reflects the exceptional quality and performance of the product while considering the buyer's budget constraints expressed in previous rounds. I believe this offer is reasonable and competitive, aiming to move towards a successful agreement.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 2050. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise between recognizing the product's quality and considering my budget constraints. This offer aims to move us closer to a successful agreement while still valuing the performance and reliability of the product.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 2100. This price reflects the product's exceptional quality and performance while being considerate of your budget constraints. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the value of the product.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 2000. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the product's quality and aligning with my budget constraints. It's a reasonable offer that reflects my commitment to reaching an agreement while being mindful of the value the product provides.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 2050. This price reflects the high quality and reliability of the product while remaining competitive enough to meet your budget constraints. Let's find a fair compromise that acknowledges the value of what I'm offering.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 1950. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the quality of the product and aligning with my budget constraints. It allows us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement while still acknowledging the value of what you are offering. Let¡¯s finalize this deal!
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 2000. This price reflects the high quality and exceptional performance of the product while taking into consideration the buyer's budgetary constraints. Let's finalize this deal and move forward!
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 1900. I believe this price acknowledges the product's quality while remaining within my budget constraints. It's a fair compromise that reflects the ongoing negotiations and the value I've seen in the product. Let's work towards finalizing this deal!