Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'Despite the absence of specific metrics such as Model Performance Improvement and Data Entropy, the long data life and sufficient capacity indicate that the product could still hold value in the market. Long data life suggests durability and relevance over time, which can attract buyers looking for stable solutions. However, the lack of detailed information does lower confidence in the valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': "The product has a Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates a decent enhancement in performance. The data life is long, suggesting that it can be effectively used over an extended period. Additionally, low data entropy indicates that the information is structured and reliable. However, the market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand, and the lack of historical data can limit confidence in the product's effectiveness. Therefore, while the product has substantial positive traits, the uncertainty due to the NULL history affects the overall valuation.", 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:7025.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 8000. This price reflects the substantial value of the data product, which boasts a Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, indicating a significant enhancement in performance. Additionally, the long data life and low data entropy suggest that the information is structured and reliable, making it a worthwhile investment despite the moderate market score.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. While I appreciate the seller's highlighting of the Model Performance Improvement and other attributes, I believe the price should reflect the current market conditions and the uncertainties associated with the data product. My offer considers the long data life but acknowledges the lack of detailed information, which affects my confidence in the valuation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 7500. The data product's exceptional Model Performance Improvement and reliability justify a strong value, and I'm willing to negotiate to find common ground.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 7200. The data product's significant Model Performance Improvement and reliability are indeed compelling, but I must remain mindful of current market conditions and my budget constraints. I believe this adjusted offer reflects a fair value while still recognizing the quality of the product.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 7400. The data product has shown consistent Model Performance Improvement and reliability, justifying a price that reflects its exceptional quality while remaining competitive in the current market context.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 7300. The data product has indeed demonstrated impressive Model Performance Improvement and reliability, and while I recognize the quality, I believe a slight adjustment is reasonable to align with my budget constraints and current market conditions.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 7350. This price reflects the exceptional quality and reliability of the data product while considering the buyer's last offer of 7300. It strikes a balance between the product's value and the buyer's budget constraints, making it a fair deal for both parties.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 7250. I believe this price acknowledges the quality and reliability of the data product while still being mindful of my budget constraints. It represents a reasonable compromise, reflecting my appreciation for the product's value while also recognizing the negotiation dynamics we've established so far.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 7300. This price reflects the high quality and reliability of the data product while considering the buyer's budget constraints. I believe this is a fair compromise that highlights the product's exceptional performance.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 7200. This price acknowledges the high quality and reliability of the data product while remaining mindful of my budget constraints. I believe this is a reasonable offer that continues to reflect my appreciation for the product's value.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 7250. I believe this price reflects the exceptional value and reliability of the data product while remaining competitive in the current market conditions.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 7150. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the product's value and my budget constraints, while still being competitive in this ongoing negotiation.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 7200. This price reflects the exceptional quality and reliability of the data product while remaining competitive in the current market.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 7100. The data product's quality and reliability are acknowledged, but my budget constraints require a more competitive offer. Let's find a middle ground that reflects the value while respecting my financial limits.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 7150. This price reflects the exceptional value of the data product while also considering the buyer's previous offer of 7100, which shows their willingness to engage seriously in this negotiation. Let's find a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 7050. This price reflects my appreciation for the value of the data product while still considering my budget constraints. I'm looking to find a fair compromise that acknowledges the quality of the product and moves us closer to a deal.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 7100. I believe this price reflects the outstanding quality and reliability of the data product while being considerate of the budget constraints we've discussed. Let's move forward with a fair compromise.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 7000. I believe this price reflects a fair balance between acknowledging the quality of the data product and respecting my budget constraints. I'm eager to find a mutually beneficial agreement as we approach the final rounds of negotiation.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 7050. This price reflects the high quality and reliability of the data product while considering the buyer's previous offer of 7000. It's a fair compromise that acknowledges the product's value and the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 7000. This price is aligned with my previous offers and reflects my continued appreciation for the quality of the data product while still being mindful of my budget constraints. I believe this is a reasonable compromise that acknowledges the value offered by the seller.