Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'NULL'), 'data_life': ('long', 'long'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a long data life and sufficient capacity, which suggests it can be useful for extended periods and can handle a significant amount of data. However, the lack of information on model performance improvement and other traits limits confidence in its overall effectiveness. The market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand but also potential competition or saturation. Considering these factors, a price of 5000 reflects its potential value while accounting for uncertainties.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product has a notable Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which suggests it can significantly enhance existing models. Additionally, it has a low data entropy, indicating high quality and reliability of the data. The long data life also adds value, as it suggests that the data remains relevant for an extended period. However, the market size is only moderate (0.5) and the absence of historical data (NULL) introduces some uncertainty. Overall, the product has strong performance indicators, but the market potential and lack of historical context temper confidence.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:14425.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the exceptional Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, the high quality and reliability indicated by the low data entropy, and the long data life that ensures the data remains relevant for an extended period. I am confident in the value of this product and believe it will significantly enhance existing models.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. While I recognize the seller's confidence in the product's exceptional quality, the offered price significantly exceeds my budget, especially considering the limited information on model performance improvement and moderate market demand. I believe 4000 reflects a fair starting point for this negotiation given these uncertainties.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. The product's exceptional quality and performance improvements justify a higher price than what was previously offered, and I believe this is a fair midpoint that reflects its true value while still being reasonable for negotiation.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14000. The exceptional quality and performance improvements of the product still warrant a significant investment, but I want to remain within a reasonable range for negotiation. This price reflects my willingness to meet the seller halfway while acknowledging the value of the product.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects the exceptional quality and performance improvement of the product while remaining within a reasonable range for negotiation.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14000. I believe this price aligns closely with the exceptional quality and performance of the product while also being a fair and reasonable offer based on our previous discussions.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14500. I believe this price reflects the exceptional quality and performance of the product while also considering our previous negotiations. Let's find a fair agreement that recognizes the value without straying too far from the budget constraints.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price strikes a balance between recognizing the exceptional quality of the product and maintaining a reasonable approach based on our prior discussions. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14450. I believe this price reflects the exceptional quality and performance of the product while allowing room for negotiation. Let's find a common ground that recognizes the value at stake.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price strikes a fair balance, recognizing the product's exceptional quality while remaining within my budget constraints. Let's work together to finalize a deal that satisfies both parties.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14450. The previous negotiations have shown a willingness on both sides to recognize the product's exceptional quality, and I believe this price strikes a fair balance between our last discussions.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14400. The product's exceptional quality is clear, and while I appreciate your offer of 14450, I believe that 14400 is a fair and reasonable price that still reflects the product's value while allowing us to reach an agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14450. This price reflects the product's exceptional quality while remaining within the negotiating range we've established in previous rounds. Let's move towards a fair agreement that recognizes the value of the product.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14400. This price reflects a strong acknowledgment of the product's exceptional quality while maintaining a reasonable stance in our ongoing negotiation. I believe this figure is fair and respects the established parameters of our discussions. Let¡¯s close this deal amicably.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14450. The product's exceptional quality and the ongoing negotiations suggest that we are very close to an agreement, and I believe this price reflects its true value while still being reasonable for both parties.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14400. The product's exceptional quality is undeniable, and while I appreciate your offer, I believe that 14400 represents a fair compromise that acknowledges both its value and our ongoing negotiations. Let's finalize this deal.