Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 'NULL')}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '5000', 'reason': 'The product has a sufficient capacity and low data entropy, indicating that the data is reliable and manageable. However, the NULL traits suggest a lack of information regarding its performance and lifecycle, which limits its potential. Therefore, a moderate price is justified based on the available traits but reflects uncertainty due to the missing information.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '15000', 'reason': 'The product shows a significant Model Performance Improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates that it can enhance performance considerably. The low data entropy suggests that the data is well-structured and reliable, while a long data life implies that the product can be used effectively over time. The market score of 0.5 indicates moderate demand. However, there is a lack of historical data, which could somewhat limit the confidence in its valuation. Therefore, the expected price reflects the potential value based on the existing traits.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:No deal.
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 18000. This price reflects the significant Model Performance Improvement of 0.3, which indicates a substantial enhancement in performance, along with the well-structured and reliable nature of the data. The long data life further adds to its value, making it a highly advantageous investment for any buyer.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 4000. While I appreciate the seller's emphasis on performance improvement and the reliability of the data, I believe the significant price of 18000 does not align with the uncertainties regarding its NULL traits. Therefore, a more moderate price reflects my assessment of its value.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 15000. The data product provides exceptional value and has demonstrated significant performance improvements, making it worth a premium. This price reflects the quality and reliability of the data while also considering the buyer's concerns about NULL traits.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 14000. This price reflects a significant step towards valuing the exceptional quality of the data product while still addressing the uncertainties regarding the NULL traits. I'm confident this offer aligns more closely with my budget and acknowledges the value presented.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the exceptional value of the data product while acknowledging the buyer's budget constraints. I believe this is a fair compromise that recognizes the quality and performance improvements of the product.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 14400. This price reflects my understanding of the data product's value while still considering my budget constraints. I believe this is a reasonable offer that recognizes both the quality of the product and my financial limits.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the exceptional quality and reliability of the data product, while remaining competitively positioned after considering the buyer's last offer.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects my recognition of the product's quality while still considering my budget constraints. It's a fair compromise, and I hope we can reach an agreement that acknowledges the value of the data product.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the exceptional quality of the data product while remaining competitive and fair, considering our previous negotiations. It acknowledges the buyer's budget constraints while still valuing the product's worth.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price continues to reflect the value of the product while remaining within my budget constraints. It also acknowledges the seller's previous offers and the quality of the data product.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 14500. The data product has consistently shown exceptional value and quality, making it a worthy investment despite the buyer's previous concerns. This price reflects a balanced approach, considering both the product's merits and the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise, acknowledging the quality of the data product while still considering my budget constraints. Let's work towards a mutually beneficial agreement.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the exceptional quality and reliability of the data product, which I believe provides significant value despite the buyer's budget constraints.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price continues to reflect a fair compromise acknowledging the seller's emphasis on quality while still aligning with my budget constraints. I appreciate the seller's consistent valuation of the product, but I need to remain within my financial limits.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 14500. The exceptional quality and reliability of the data product justify this price, and I believe it represents a fair balance between its value and your budget. Let¡¯s move forward with this offer.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price continues to reflect my budget constraints while acknowledging the quality and reliability of the data product. Let's find a resolution that works for both parties.
Round 9 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the exceptional value and quality of the data product, which continues to provide reliable performance despite previous discussions about NULL traits. I believe this is a fair compromise that acknowledges both the product's worth and the buyer's budget considerations.
Round 9 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price continues to recognize the quality of the data product while remaining within my budget constraints. It's a reasonable compromise that reflects my appreciation for the product's value, despite the previous discussions about NULL traits.
Round 10 (Seller): I offer 14500. This price reflects the exceptional quality and value of the data product, which has shown consistent performance and reliability despite previous discussions around pricing. I'm confident that this is a fair price that acknowledges both the product's worth and the buyer's budget considerations.
Round 10 (Buyer): I offer 14400. I believe this price continues to reflect my budget constraints while recognizing the exceptional quality and value of the product. Given the consistent performance and reliability you¡¯ve highlighted, I think this is a fair and reasonable offer for both parties.