Arguments:
{'model_performance_improvement': (0.3, 'NULL'), 'capacity': ('enough', 'enough'), 'data_entrophy': ('low', 'low'), 'data_life': ('long', 'NULL'), 'history': (['NULL'], 'NULL'), 'market': (0.5, 0.5)}
Buying Valuer:
{'price': '2000', 'reason': 'The product has a low data entropy, indicating that the data is likely clean and reliable. However, the lack of information regarding model performance improvement and data life limits its potential value. The market score of 0.5 suggests moderate demand, which supports a reasonable price, but the overall uncertainty due to multiple NULL traits keeps the valuation conservative.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Selling Valuer:
{'price': '7500', 'reason': 'The product shows a moderate model performance improvement (MPI) of 0.3, which indicates it can enhance existing systems. The capacity is sufficient, and low data entropy suggests that the data is well-organized and reliable. With a long data life, it implies sustainability and relevance over time. The market score of 0.5 indicates a decent demand, suggesting that the product can appeal to a reasonable segment. However, the absence of historical data limits confidence in predicting long-term success. Overall, these factors contribute to a solid valuation.', 'confidence': 'medium'}
Deal Price:1575.0
Dealing Process:
Round 1 (Seller): I offer 8000. This price reflects the value of our data product, which demonstrates a moderate model performance improvement of 0.3 and showcases reliability with low data entropy. The sustainability and relevance of this data over time make it a compelling choice for potential buyers.
Round 1 (Buyer): I offer 1500. While I appreciate the seller's perspective on the data product's reliability and moderate performance improvement, my valuation is influenced by the uncertainty surrounding the model's performance and the lack of information on data sustainability. Given these factors, I believe 1500 is a reasonable starting point for negotiation.
Round 2 (Seller): I offer 7000. This reflects my confidence in the value of the data product, which provides significant performance improvements and reliability. I believe this price strikes a balance that acknowledges your concerns while still valuing the quality of what I am offering.
Round 2 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price better reflects my concerns regarding the model performance uncertainty and sustainability while still showing my willingness to engage in this negotiation. Let's continue to find common ground.
Round 3 (Seller): I offer 1800. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the buyer's concerns about performance uncertainty, while still acknowledging the value of the data product. Let's find a resolution that works for both parties.
Round 3 (Buyer): I offer 1700. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's valuation of the data product and my concerns regarding performance uncertainty. This approach allows us to move closer to a mutually beneficial agreement while still being cautious about the investment. Let's continue working towards a resolution.
Round 4 (Seller): I offer 1750. Given the back-and-forth in our negotiations, I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise while acknowledging the concerns about performance and value. It's a fair deal considering the moderate performance improvement and reliability of the data product.
Round 4 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price strikes a balance between acknowledging the seller's reasonable compromise and my ongoing concerns about performance and value. This approach shows my willingness to engage in constructive negotiations while still being cautious about the investment.
Round 5 (Seller): I offer 1700. I believe this price strikes a fair balance considering the ongoing discussions about model performance and sustainability. It's a reasonable step forward that acknowledges both the value of the data product and the buyer's concerns.
Round 5 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a cautious approach while still recognizing the seller's perspective on the value of their data product. It aligns with my ongoing concerns about performance and sustainability, while also showing willingness to negotiate further.
Round 6 (Seller): I offer 1650. I believe this price reflects a fair compromise considering the ongoing negotiations and the need to address performance concerns while still valuing the data product appropriately.
Round 6 (Buyer): I offer 1600. I believe this price strikes a fair balance between our ongoing negotiations and addresses the performance concerns we both recognize, while still valuing the data product appropriately.
Round 7 (Seller): I offer 1600. I believe this price reflects a fair consideration of the product's value while addressing the ongoing concerns about performance and sustainability. It¡¯s a balanced approach that encourages us to move forward in our negotiations.
Round 7 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price represents a reasonable compromise, taking into account the seller's concerns about model performance and sustainability while still reflecting my cautious approach to this investment. It allows us to move closer to an agreement without disregarding the value of the product.
Round 8 (Seller): I offer 1600. This price reflects a balanced consideration of the data product's performance and reliability, while still addressing the buyer's concerns regarding uncertainty and sustainability. Let's move forward constructively.
Round 8 (Buyer): I offer 1550. I believe this price reflects a reasonable compromise, balancing the product's perceived value with my ongoing concerns about its performance and sustainability. Let's find a way to move forward together.